**MICHAEL V. PRENTISS** serves as our Chairman of the Board.  Prior to
October of 1999, Mr. Prentiss was our Chief Executive Officer and had
served in such capacity since our initial public offering in October
1996.  Mr. Prentiss, our founder, has over 28 years experience in real
estate development, acquisitions, and investment management and has
acquired or developed properties with an aggregate value in excess of
$4 billion.  From 1987 to 1992, he served as President and Chief
Executive Officer of our predecessor company, and from 1992 to 1999,
he served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  From 1978 to
1987, Mr. Prentiss served as President of Cadillac Urban Development,
Inc., Executive Vice President and member of the Board of Directors of
The Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited, and a member of Cadillac
Fairview's Executive Committee.  Cadillac Urban was the largest
business unit of Cadillac Fairview, responsible for all of its office,
mixed-use and suburban office park development activity in the
U.S. and Canada.  Prior to 1978, Mr. Prentiss was President of
Ackerman Development Company.  Mr. Prentiss is a Baker Scholar
graduate of Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.  He
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering and a
B.A. degree in Business Administration from Washington State
University.

**THOMAS F. AUGUST** serves as our President and is a trustee on our
board of trustees.  He is also our Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. August
has served in such capacities since October of 1999 when he became Chief
Executive Officer.  Prior to that time he had been our President and
Chief Operating Officer since our initial public offering in October
1996.  From 1992 to 1996 Mr. August served as President and Chief
Operating Officer of one of our affiliates, Prentiss Properties Limited,
Inc.  From 1987 to 1992, Mr. August served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of our predecessor company.  From 1985 to
1987, Mr. August served in executive capacities with Cadillac Fairview
Urban Development, Inc.  Prior to joining Cadillac Urban in 1985, Mr.
August was Senior Vice President of Finance for Oxford Properties, Inc.,
in Denver, Colorado, an affiliate of a privately-held Canadian real
estate firm.  Previously, he was a Vice President of Citibank,
responsible for real estate lending activities in the upper Midwest. 
Mr. August holds a B.A. degree from Brandeis University and an MBA
degree from Boston University.

**LAWRENCE A. WILSON** is an independent trustee on our board of
trustees and has served in such capacity since our initial public
offering in October 1996.  Mr. Wilson is a director of The Beck Group. 
He was recently the Chairman of The Beck Company and Managing Director
and Chief Executive Officer of HCBECK, Inc., a construction and real
estate services company, each of which are members of The Beck Group. 
Mr. Wilson also serves as an Advisory Director of TXU.  Mr. Wilson holds
an L.L.B. degree from the Woodrow Wilson College of Law in Atlanta,
Georgia and is a graduate of the Emory University Advanced Management
Program.

**THOMAS J. HYNES, JR.** is an independent trustee on our board of
trustees and has served in such capacity since our initial public
offering in October 1996.  Mr. Hynes is President of Meredith & Grew
Incorporated, a Boston-based real estate services firm, and has served
in that capacity since 1988.  Mr. Hynes has been employed by Meredith
& Grew Incorporated since 1965 during which time he has held various
offices.  Mr. Hynes holds a B.A. degree from Boston College and an
Honorary Degree of Doctorate of Laws from Emmanuel College. Mr. Hynes
is Chairman of the Massachusetts Business Roundtable, a non-profit,
nonpartisan, statewide public affairs organization of chief executive
officers representing Massachusetts' leading industry and business
enterprises.

**BARRY J.C. PARKER** is an independent trustee on our board of trustees
and has served in such capacity since our initial public offering in
October 1996.  Mr. Parker is a private investor and is a past President
and Chief Executive Officer of Luby's, Inc., a chain of 238
restaurants.  Mr. Parker is also a past Chairman of the Board, President
and Chief Executive Officer of County Seat, Inc., a nationwide chain of
750 specialty apparel stores.  Prior to joining County Seat, Inc. in
1985, Mr. Parker worked for the Children's Place, Inc. for 10 years and
held various offices with that company including Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Parker worked for Federated Department
Stores, Inc. prior to 1975 and held various management positions with
that company's F&R Lazarus Department Store division.  Mr. Parker holds
a B.A. degree from Washington University in St. Louis and an MBA degree
from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Finance and
Commerce.

**LEONARD M. RIGGS, JR., M.D.** is an independent trustee on our board
of trustees and has served in such capacity since our initial public
offering in October 1996.  Dr. Riggs is a private investor and until
recently was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EmCare, Inc., a
publicly-held outsourced healthcare business services company
specializing in emergency medicine.  EmCare manages over 400 hospital
emergency departments and provides the business services for the
practices of over 4,000 physicians.  Dr. Riggs has also served as the
Director of Emergency Medicine at Baylor University Medical Center from
1974 until 1998.  Dr. Riggs is a former president of the American
College of Emergency Physicians.  He holds a B.S. degree from Centenary
College of Shreveport, Louisiana and an M.D. degree from the University
of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dallas, Texas.

**RONALD G. STEINHART** is an independent trustee on our board of
trustees and has served in such capacity since our initial public
offering in October 1996.  Mr. Steinhart is a private investor and
served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Commercial Banking Group
of Bank One Corporation from December, 1996 until his retirement in
January, 2000.  From January, 1995 to December, 1996, Mr. Steinhart was
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bank One Texas, N.A. 
Mr. Steinhart joined Bank One in connection with the merger of Team
Bank, which he founded in 1988.  Mr. Steinhart serves as a Director of
United Auto Group, Inc. and Carreker Corporation and as a trustee of
MFS/Compass Group of Funds.  Mr. Steinhart holds BBA and MBA degrees
from the University of Texas at Austin and is a Certified Public
Accountant. 
