**Srinivasaiyer (“Shri”) S. Jambunathan** has been a director of the
Company since August 22, 2006 and Chairman of the Board since April 1,
2008. Mr. Jambunathan was named Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
on November 8, 2006 and Lead Director on April 25, 2007. Mr. Jambunathan
is the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and
the Executive Committee as well as a member of the Audit Committee.
Mr. Jambunathan is a director for Patel Engineering Company Limited and
Inventure Growth and Securities Private Limited, Mumbai. Since
January 2001, Mr. Jambunathan has served as non-executive Chairman of
First Policy Insurance Pvt. Ltd. From November 2003 to May 2007,
Mr. Jambunathan was a director of JSW Steel Ltd. Mr. Jambunathan served
as a director of the Bombay Stock Exchange, and thereafter, Bombay Stock
Exchange Limited for a total period of six years until 2006.
Mr. Jambunathan was also the non-executive Chairman of Bombay Stock
Exchange from March 2003 to August 2005. From March 2005 to August 2005
Mr. Jambunathan also served as non-executive Chairman of Provogue India
Ltd., a men’s designer wear and fashion apparel company. Mr. Jambunathan
was Chairman of the local Advisory Board, State Bank of Mauritius from
1996 to 2001.

**Daniel L. Thomas** has been a director of the Company since June 5,
2006. Mr. Thomas is the Chairman of the Audit Committee, as well as a
member of the Executive Committee, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and the Transformation Committee. Mr. Thomas has
over 30 years of public accounting and financial experience. Mr. Thomas
is currently a partner with Thomas & Associates, a CPA firm, which he
started in February 2002. From October 1999 to February 2002 he was the
Audit Partner in Charge with Corbin & Wertz, a CPA firm. Mr. Thomas’
experience includes part-time CFO services, fraud prevention and
investigation, acquisition consulting, transaction due diligence,
internal control review and systems implementation. Mr. Thomas is a
Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Fraud Examiner. Mr. Thomas
is the past president of the Orange County Chapter of the Association of
Certified Fraud Examiners and he has served on the Board of Directors
for the Orange County Head Start program. Mr. Thomas also spent five
years as a Reserve Deputy Sheriff for the Orange County Sheriff’s
Department.

**Rabin K. Dhoble** has been a director of the Company since
February 2006. Mr. Dhoble is a member of the Audit Committee, the
Compensation Committee, the Executive Committee and the Transformation
Committee. Mr. Dhoble is currently the President of Diversified Agency
Services Healthcare, Omnicom. Since 1998, Mr. Dhoble has been a senior
executive within the healthcare communications practice of Diversified
Agency Services, the specialty communications unit of Omnicom Group.
Mr. Dhoble specializes in the development of business strategies and the
management of cross-functional teams that support the global
commercialization of biotechnology and pharmaceutical brands.

**Kishan Grama Ananthram** has been a director of the Company since
August 22, 2006. Mr. Ananthram is the Chairman of the Compensation
Committee, the Chairman of the Transformation Committee and a member of
the Executive Committee. Mr. Ananthram has served as the Founder,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of IonIdea, Inc., a software
product and engineering outsourcing company since January 1994.
Mr. Ananthram has over 20 years of entrepreneurial, management, sales
and technology experience. Prior to founding IonIdea, Inc. Mr. Ananthram
held various technical and management positions with NUS, Sprint, GTE,
Fannie Mae and Hughes.

**Divya Ramachandran** has been a director of the Company since
August 22, 2006. Ms. Ramachandran is a member of the Executive
Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the
Compensation Committee and the Transformation Committee. Since
February 2004, Ms. Ramachandran has been an Associate Vice President at
Helios & Matheson Information Technology Ltd., the parent of the
Company, focusing on mergers and acquisitions. From June 2003 to
January 2004, Ms. Ramachandran was Program Director for General
Management Programs at the Indian School of Business. From July 2002 to
January 2003, Ms. Ramachandran was a Senior Manager, Strategy and
Restructuring Cell for Lupin Limited, one of India’s leading
pharmaceutical companies. From June 2000 to 2001, Ms. Ramachandran was
an associate with Arthur Andersen LLP.
