**Steven J. Wagenheim**, President, Chief Executive Officer and one of
our directors, is also one of our founders. Mr. Wagenheim has over 25
years of hospitality industry experience as corporate executive,
owner/operator, manager and consultant for hotels, resorts, and
individual and multi-unit restaurant operations. Mr. Wagenheim
previously served as the Chief Executive Officer and principal
shareholder of New Brighton Ventures, Inc., an investment holding
company that formerly operated a Champps Americana restaurant in New
Brighton, Minnesota. Between 1989 and 1997, Mr. Wagenheim was involved
in the expansion and operations of Champps restaurants, holding
positions with Champps Entertainment, Inc., Champps Development
Group, Inc. and Americana Dining Corporation.

**James G. Gilbertson** became one of our directors in November 1999.
Mr. Gilbertson currently serves as an executive consultant to businesses
in the Twin Cities area. From December 2005 to June 2007, Mr. Gilbertson
served as Vice President, Business Development and Cable Distribution
for ValueVision Media, Inc., an integrated direct marketing company that
sells its products directly to consumers through television, the
internet and direct mail. From January 2001 to July 2005, Mr. Gilbertson
served as Chief Financial Officer of Navarre Corporation, a major
distributor of music, software, video games, interactive CD-ROM products
and DVD videos. From January 2003 to July 2005, Mr. Gilbertson also
served on the board of directors of Navarre Corporation. Mr. Gilbertson
held various positions at iNTELEFILM Corporation, an entity engaged in
television commercial production, from July 1992 through January 2001,
including serving as Co-President from August 2000 through January 2001,
Chief Operating Officer from April 1996 through January 2001, and Chief
Financial Officer from July 1992 through December 1999. Mr. Gilbertson
served as a Chief Operating Officer of Harmony Holdings, Inc., a
corporation involved in the production of television commercials, music
videos and related media, from April 1998 through January 2001. He also
served as Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of
webADTV.com, Inc., a corporation involved in Internet enabling the
advertising campaign process, from January 2000 through January 2001.

**Eugene E. McGowan** became one of our directors in January 2003.
Since 2001, Mr. McGowan has been President and Chief Executive Officer
of The McGowan Group, a private equity company that invests in early to
mid-stage regional companies. In 1985, he joined Piper Jaffray, Inc. and
in 1999 was promoted to Chief Operating Officer of Individual Investor
Services with US Bancorp Piper Jaffray where he directed the day-to-day
activities of over one hundred branch offices.

**Arthur E. Pew III** became one of our directors in August 1997.
Retired since 1990, Mr. Pew served as a director of the Pew Charitable
Trusts and the Glenmede Trust Company, N.A., both in Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, from October 1996 to March 2005. Mr. Pew owned several
Champps Americana restaurants from 1989 to 1996.

**Dermot F. Rowland** founded Timber Lodge Steakhouse, Inc. and served
as its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and one
of its directors from 1989 to 1998. Prior to forming Timber Lodge,
Mr. Rowland was involved in the formation and management of Homestyle
Buffets, Inc. He co-founded Homestyle in 1986 and served as its Chairman
of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer until 1991. From
1973 to 1986, Mr. Rowland served as President of Rowland
Companies, Inc., and its subsidiary, Diversified Construction Company, a
general contractor. In such capacity, he assisted in site selection,
architectural planning and design, and was responsible for the
development of various building projects, including restaurants for
chains such as Buffets, Inc., Godfather Pizza and Red Lobster.

**Bruce H. Senske** became one of our directors in November 1999 and
our Lead Director in May 2007. Over the last eight years, he has been
part of the senior management teams of more than 15 businesses.
Mr. Senske is currently Vice President of Distribution of U.S. Oil
Co., Inc. and Managing Director and co-founder of Genoa Business
Advisors LLC, a management advisory firm, advising mid-market
companies in the areas of operations, finance and organizational
design and development. Between June 2001 and January 2003, Mr. Senske
was a Managing Director and co-founder of Volition Advisory Group,
LLC, a management advisory firm specializing in assisting companies in
transition. From June 1998 until May 2001, Mr. Senske was a Managing
Partner at Manchester Companies, a private investment and
management-consulting firm formed in 1993. From September 1999 to
September 2000, he served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of
Telident, Inc., a NASDAQ company which designed, manufactured and
marketed proprietary hardware and software systems to provide the
exact location of a 911 telephone call. Mr. Senske served as
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of U-Ship, Inc., a NASDAQ company, from January 1993 to
June 1998. Prior to 1998, Mr. Senske was Vice President of Strategic
Marketing and Product Planning at Vocam Systems, Inc., a manufacturer
of transportation management software systems, which became of
division of the Pitney Bowes Company in 1990. In addition, Mr. Senske
spent eight years with US Bank leaving there in the capacity of Senior
Vice President of Commercial Lending.
