*Richard U. De Schutter* is the former Executive Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer of DuPont Pharmaceutical Company, a
position he held from 2000 to 2001. He was Chief Administrative
Officer and Vice Chairman of Monsanto Company (a life sciences
company) from 1999 to 2000, and was Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer of G. D.  Searle & Company (a pharmaceutical
company) from 1995 to 1999. Mr. De Schutter is a director of General
Binding Corporation, Incyte Corporation and Smith & Nephew plc. He has
been a director of the Company since 2001. Age: 63

*Conrad W. Hewitt* is the former Commissioner of the Department of
Financial Institutions and Superintendant of Banking for the State of
California, positions he held from 1997 to 1998 and 1995 to 1997,
respectively. Until 1995, he was a managing partner with the
international accounting firm Ernst & Young LLP, where he held various
positions since 1962. Mr. Hewitt is a certified public accountant and
a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He
is a director of North Bay Bancorp and Spectrum Organic Products,
Inc. Mr.  Hewitt has been a director of the Company since 2003. Age:
67

*Allen J. Lauer* is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer<sup>1</sup>
and Chairman of its Board of Directors, positions he has held since
1999 and 2002, respectively. He also served as the Company’s President
from 1999 to 2002. From 1990 to 1999, Mr. Lauer was Executive Vice
President of Varian Associates, Inc. (the Company’s predecessor) and
was responsible for its Instruments business. He is a director of
Immunicon Corporation and UNOVA Corporation. Mr. Lauer has been a
director of the Company since 1999. Age: 66

*John G. McDonald* is The IBJ Professor of Finance at Stanford
University’s Graduate School of Business, where he has served on the
faculty since 1968. He is also a director of iStar Financial, Inc.,
Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc., Scholastic Corp. and eight mutual
funds managed by Capital Research & Management Co. Mr. McDonald has
been a director of the Company since 1999. Age: 66

*Wayne R. Moon* is Executive Chairman of the Board of RelayHealth
Corporation (a web-based health services company), a position he has
held since 2002. From 1993 to 1999, he was Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of Blue Shield of California (a health care
company). Mr. Moon is also a director of IntegraMed America, Inc. He
has been a director of the Company since 1999. Age: 63

*Elizabeth E. Tallett* is a Principal of Hunter Partners, LLC (which
provides management services to developing life science companies), a
position she has held since 2002. She was Chief Executive Officer of
Marshall Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a specialty pharmaceutical company)
from 2000 to 2003, and was also President and Chief Executive Officer
of Dioscor, Inc. (a biopharmaceutical company) from 1996 to
2003. Ms. Tallett was President and Chief Executive Officer of Ellard
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Galenor Inc. (both biopharmaceutical
companies) from 1997 to 2000 and 1999 to 2000, respectively. She is a
director of Coventry Health Care, Inc., Immunicon Corporation,
IntegraMed America, Inc., Principal Financial Group and Varian
Semiconductor Equipment Associates, Inc. Ms. Tallett has been a director
of the Company since 1999. Age: 54
