James C. Foster 59

Joined us in 1976 as General Counsel. Over the past 33 years, Mr. Foster
has held various staff and managerial positions. Mr. Foster was named
President in 1991, Chief Executive Officer in 1992 and Chairman in 2000.
Mr. Foster has been a director since 1989.  
 Mr. Foster was selected to serve as a director on our Board due to his
role as our Chief Executive Officer, his depth of knowledge of the
Company and its operations, his acute business judgment, extensive
familiarity with the research model and preclinical services CRO
businesses in which we compete, and his lengthy tenure with Charles
River.

Nancy T. Chang, Ph.D. 60
  
Managing Director at OrbiMed Advisors, a healthcare investment firm,
since 2007. Previously, Dr. Chang served as President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Tanox, Inc., until it was sold in
2007. Dr. Chang co-founded Tanox, a public company created to address
asthma, allergy, inflammation and diseases affecting the human immune
system. From 1986 to 1992, Dr. Chang was an Associate Professor at
Baylor College of Medicine in the Division of Molecular Virology.
Between 1981 and 1986, Dr. Chang was employed by Centocor, Inc., serving
as the Director of Research, Molecular Biology Group, from 1984 to 1986.
Dr. Chang serves on the Boards of Directors of the Federal Reserve Bank
in Houston and BioHouston, and the Board of Visitors of the University
of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center. Dr. Chang has been a director
since 2007.  
 As a former public life sciences company CEO and Chairman, and in her
current position as a managing director at a healthcare investment firm,
Dr. Chang brings to the Board extensive understanding of the
operational, financial and strategic issues facing public and private
companies in the fields in which we operate. Dr. Chang also brings the
board a strong scientific and academic perspective, as well as an
understanding of the Chinese marketplace which has been a focus of
Charles River in recent years.

Stephen D. Chubb 66
  
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Matritech, Inc., a
leading developer of proteomics-based diagnostic products for the early
detection of cancer, from its inception in 1987 until December 2007. He
is also a certified public accountant. Previously, Mr. Chubb served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of T Cell Sciences, Inc. and as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Cytogen Corp. Mr. Chubb serves
as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Mount Auburn Hospital in
Cambridge, Massachusetts and is a director of Caregroup Healthcare
System, Allegro Diagnostics Corp. and Immunetics, Inc. Mr. Chubb has
been a director since 1994.  
 Mr. Chubb brings to the Board a wealth of industry and business
expertise, drawing upon his lengthy history as a CEO/president and board
member at a variety of public and private life sciences companies. The
Board benefits particularly from Mr. Chubb's strong biotechnology
industry expertise, and he also brings a valued perspective given his
service to hospitals and hospital affiliations. In addition, as a result
of his background as a certified public accountant and prior service as
a public company CFO, Mr. Chubb qualifies as an "audit committee
financial expert" under SEC guidelines.

Deborah T. Kochevar, Ph.D, D.V.M. 53
    
Dean of the Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine at Tufts University
since 2006. Previously, Dr. Kochevar was a long-time faculty member and
administrator at the College of Veterinary Medicine and Biomedical
Sciences, Texas A&M University, where she held the Wiley Chair of
Veterinary Medical Education. Dr. Kochevar is a past-president of the
American College of Veterinary Clinical Pharmacology and is active in
the American Veterinary Medical Association, having chaired its Council
on Education and the Educational Commission for Foreign Veterinary
Graduates. Dr. Kochevar has been a director since October 2008.  
 Dr. Kochevar was selected to the Board in recognition of the distinct
perspective she provides as a highly distinguished academic and educator
in the life sciences. As a boarded diplomate of the American College of
Veterinary Clinical Pharmacology, with a Ph.D. in cell and molecular
biology combined with a D.V.M. degree, and a deep knowledge base of
comparative medicine and complex animal models, Dr. Kochevar's training
and experience is particularly suited to understanding and providing
insights into the veterinary medical, contract research and drug
development support activities conducted by the Company. Dr. Kochevar
also provides the Board with current industry and scientific insights
through her on-going involvement in a broad array of biomedical
professional and trade organizations.

George E. Massaro 62
  
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Huron Consulting Group, Inc., a
management consulting company, since July 2009. Previously, Mr. Massaro
had been Director and Vice Chairman of Huron Consulting Group since June
2004 (Vice Chairman since March 2005), Chief Operating Officer of Huron
Consulting Group, Inc. and Huron Consulting Services LLC from June 2003
until March 2005, and served as a Managing Director of Huron Consulting
Services LLC from August 2002 to May 2003. Prior to joining Huron, he
was the Managing Partner of Arthur Andersen's New England practice from
1998 to 2002. Mr. Massaro has more than 35 years of accounting and
auditing experience with expertise in a broad range of areas.
Mr. Massaro also serves as a director of Eastern Bank Corporation, an
independent mutual bank holding company in New England. Mr. Massaro has
been a director since 2003.  
 As a former managing partner of a major accounting firm, Mr. Massaro
brings a deep knowledge of financial reporting, auditing and tax matters
applicable to a variety of industries. Mr. Massaro also provides
business acumen from his numerous senior positions at Huron Consulting,
as well as his service on boards of other companies. As a result of his
extensive background in public accounting and prior experience at Arthur
Andersen, Mr. Massaro qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert"
under SEC guidelines.

George M. Milne, Jr., Ph.D. 66
  
Retired from Pfizer Inc. in 2002 after working at the company in
research and management positions for nearly 32 years, including
Executive Vice President of Global Research and Development and
President of Central Research, with global responsibility for Human and
Veterinary Medicine R&D. Dr. Milne serves as a director of
Mettler-Toledo International, Inc. and Athersys, Inc., and he also
serves on the boards of several private companies. He is a venture
partner of Radius Ventures LLC. Dr. Milne has been a director since
2002. Previously, Mr. Milne was a director of MedImmune, Inc. from
2005-2007 and Aspreva Pharmaceutical Corporation from 2004 – 2007.  
 Supplementing his strong scientific background (Ph.D. in organic
chemistry), Dr. Milne brings varied life sciences experience beneficial
for our Board. With over three decades of executive experience at a
leading global pharmaceutical company, he supplies particular insights
into industry drivers, as well as the concerns and perspective of the
consumers of our products and services. In addition, he has had exposure
to strategic and operational issues relevant to board leadership through
his prior role at Pfizer and at other public and private company boards.
Dr. Milne also brings unique industry perspectives from his biomedical
venture capital activities through Radius Ventures.

C. Richard Reese 64
  
Executive Chairman since 2008 of Iron Mountain Incorporated, a global
public information protection and storage company. Prior to that,
Mr. Reese was Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of Iron Mountain
since 1981 (Chairman from 1995-2008). Mr. Reese has been a director
since 2007.  
 Mr. Reese is a proven global business leader who, from the time he
joined Iron Mountain as its president in 1981 with only \$3 million in
annual revenue, developed it into a global company with over
\$3.0 billion in revenue and more than 100,000 corporate customers. As a
member of the Board, Mr. Reese provides the Company with invaluable
guidance and advice, particularly in the areas of strategic execution,
customer service and innovation, drawing upon his extensive experience,
entrepreneurial spirit and proven track record.
  
Douglas E. Rogers 55
  
Partner and founding member of Blackstone Healthcare Partners LLC, the
healthcare partnership with The Blackstone Group, a public global
alternative asset management and provider of financial advisory
services, since April 2003. Mr. Rogers has extensive experience in
health care private equity investing and investment banking, including
as Managing Director of Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette's Merchant Banking
Group and Managing Director of Credit Suisse First Boston's Private
Equity Group. Previously, Mr. Rogers was a Vice President at Kidder
Peabody & Co., Senior Vice President at Lehman Brothers and head of U.S.
Investment Banking at Baring Brothers. Mr. Rogers serves as a director
of Gerresheimer Group GmbH, and previously served on our Board from 1999
until 2001. Mr. Rogers has been a director since 2002.  
 As one of the founding members of Blackstone Healthcare Partners and a
founder and owner of a number of life science companies, Mr. Rogers
brings over 30 years experience in healthcare private equity investment,
investment banking, and venture capital. Mr. Rogers' perspective is
particularly valuable to the Company due to his tenure as director of
Charles River and has been instrumental in overseeing our growth and
expansion during that time.

Samuel O. Their, M.D. 72
  
Professor of Medicine and Health Care Policy, Emeritus at Harvard
Medical School, Massachusetts General Hospital. In December 2002,
Dr. Thier retired from the position of Chief Executive Officer of
Partners HealthCare System, Inc., which he had held since July 1996.
Previously, he served as President of Partners HealthCare System, Inc.
from 1994 to 1996, Chief Executive Officer of MGH Corporation from 1994
to 1997, President of Massachusetts General Hospital from 1994 through
1996, and as President of Brandeis University from 1991 to 1994. He has
served as President of the Institute of Medicine, National Academy of
Sciences, and is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Dr. Thier was previously a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of
Boston and a trustee of The Commonwealth Fund. Dr. Thier is a director
of Merck & Co., Inc., and of the Foundation for the National Institutes
of Health, and a member of the Boards of Overseers of TIAA-CREF, Cornell
University Weill Medical College and the Heller School for Social Policy
and Management at Brandeis University. Dr. Thier has been a director
since 2000.  
 Dr. Thier brings extensive leadership skills to the Board. In addition
to his life sciences expertise, which has included senior positions in
commercial, academic and healthcare environments, Dr. Thier has served
in leadership roles at entities as diverse as Brandeis University and
the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. Dr. Thier also provides the Board
with substantive guidance as he is a recognized authority in the areas
of national health policy, medical education and biomedical research.

William H. Waltrip 72
  
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bausch & Lomb,
Incorporated. Mr. Waltrip was Chairman of the Board of Directors of
Technology Solutions Company from 1993 to 2003. Previously, Mr. Waltrip
served as Chief Executive Officer of Technology Solutions Company, as
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Biggers Brothers, Inc., and as
President and Chief Operating Officer of IU International Corporation.
He was also previously President, Chief Executive Officer and a director
of Purolator Courier Corporation and was formerly a director of Bausch &
Lomb. He is a director of Thomas & Betts Corporation and
Theravance, Inc. Mr. Waltrip has been a director since 1996.  
 Mr. Waltrip is an experienced business leader with the skills necessary
to be our Lead Director. Aside from his lengthy tenure as a director of
Charles River, during which he has been instrumental in overseeing our
growth and expansion, Mr. Waltrip has previously served as chairman
and/or CEO of a number of public companies in a variety of industries.
Specific to his strong capabilities to serve as Lead Director,
Mr. Waltrip has served on audit, compensation and governance committees,
providing a deep understanding of all of the elements of public company
director service.
