     *Stelios Papadopoulos, Ph.D.,*age 61, has served as a member of our
Board of Directors since May 2000. Dr. Papadopoulos’ career in biotech
spans more than two decades. In August 2006 he retired as Vice Chairman
of Cowen & Co., LLC, a global brokerage and investment banking firm,
where he had been an investment banker focusing on the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical sectors since 2000. Dr. Papadopoulos was an investment
banker at PaineWebber Incorporated, a global brokerage and investment
banking firm, from 1987 to 2000, most recently serving as Chairman of
Paine Webber Development Corp, a PaineWebber subsidiary focusing on
biotechnology. Prior to joining PaineWebber, he was a Vice President in
the Equity Research Department of Drexel Burnham Lambert, an investment
banking firm, covering the biotechnology industry and prior to that a
biotechnology analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, an investment
banking firm. Before coming to Wall Street, Dr. Papadopoulos was on the
faculty of the Department of Cell Biology at New York University Medical
Center. He continues his affiliation with New York University Medical
Center as an Adjunct Associate Professor of Cell Biology. Dr.
Papadopoulos holds a Ph.D. in biophysics and an M.B.A. in finance, both
from New York University. He is co-founder and Chairman of the Board of
Exelixis, Inc., a drug discovery and development company, co-founder and
member of the Board of Cellzome Inc., a privately held drug discovery
company, a member of the Board of Directors of Biogen Idec, Inc., a
biopharmaceutical company, a member of the Board of Directors of Regulus
Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company, a member of
the Board of Direction of Joule Biotechnologies, a privately held
biotechnology company, as well as vice-chairman of the Board of
Directors of BG Medicine, Inc, a privately held biotechnology company.
He also served as a member of the Board of Directors of GenVec, Inc., a
biopharmaceutical company, from 2003 to 2006 and Structural GenomiX,
Inc., a biopharmaceutical company from 2001 to 2006. In the
not-for-profit sector, he is co-founder and Chairman of Fondation Santé,
a member of the Board of Directors of the National Marrow Donor Program
(NMDP) and a member of the Board of Visitors of Duke University School
of Medicine. Based on Dr. Papadopoulos’ experience as an investment
banker in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical industries and his resulting
strategic and financial expertise, as well as his scientific background
and experience with other boards of directors, the Board believes
Dr. Papadopoulos has the appropriate set of skills to serve on our
Board.

     *George A. Scangos, Ph.D.,*age 61, assumed the position of Chairman
of our Board on December 31, 2005. He has served as a member of our
Board of Directors since October 2003. Since 1996, Dr. Scangos has been
President and Chief Executive Officer of Exelixis, Inc., a drug
discovery and development company. From 1993 to 1996, he served as
President of Biotechnology at Bayer Corporation, a pharmaceutical
company. At Bayer, Dr. Scangos held several positions, including Senior
Vice President of Research and Development for Bayer’s pharmaceutical
division and then President of Bayer Biotechnology. He is Chairman of
the Board of the California Healthcare Institute (CHI) and he serves on
the Board of Visitors at the University of California, San Francisco
School of Pharmacy, the Board of Overseers at the University of
California, Davis Medical School, and the Boards of Directors of the
Global Alliance for TB Drug Development, Entelos, Inc., a life sciences
company, and Exelixis. Dr. Scangos has served on the Board of Exelixis
since 1996 and during 2005 also served on the Board of Directors of Onyx
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Scangos received a B.A. in biology from
Cornell University, a Ph.D. from the University of Massachusetts and was
a Jane Coffin Postdoctoral Fellow in the laboratory of Dr. Frank Ruddle
at Yale University. Based on Dr. Scangos’ experience in the
biopharmaceutical industry, particularly as the current Chief Executive
Officer of Exelixis, Inc. and former President of Biotechnology at Bayer
Corporation, his management and business development expertise, and his
scientific background, the Board believes Dr. Scangos has the
appropriate set of skills to serve on our Board.

     *Mark G. Foletta, CPA*, age 49, joined our Board of Directors in
September 2005. Mr. Foletta has served as Senior Vice President, Finance
and Chief Financial Officer at Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc., a
biopharmaceutical company, since March 2006. He had previously served as
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Amylin since
March 2000. He served as a Principal of Triton Group Management, Inc., a
management consulting firm, from 1997 to 2000. From 1986 to 1997, Mr.
Foletta held a number of management positions with Intermark, Inc. and
Triton Group, Ltd., each a diversified holding company, the most recent
of which was Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Corporate Secretary. From 1982 to 1986, Mr. Foletta was with Ernst &
Young, a public accounting firm, most recently serving as an Audit
Manager. Mr. Foletta earned his B.A. in Business Economics from the
University of California, Santa Barbara. Mr. Foletta is a certified
public accountant. Based on Mr. Foletta’s senior management experience
in the biopharmaceutical industry, particularly as the Chief Financial
Officer of Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and his financial and
accounting expertise, the Board believes Mr. Foletta has the appropriate
set of skills to serve on our Board.

     *Steven H. Holtzman,*age 56, joined our Board of Directors in
August 2004. Mr. Holtzman is a founder and Executive Chair of the Board
of Directors of Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical
company, where he previously served as Chair, President and Chief
Executive Officer. Mr. Holtzman has served on the Board of Directors of
Infinity since 2001. Previously, Mr. Holtzman was the Chief Business
Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical
company, the founder and Executive Vice President of DNX Corporation, a
drug development services company, the founding Executive Director of
the Ohio Edison Program, and an instructor in moral philosophy and the
philosophy of language at Corpus Christi College, Oxford University,
U.K. Mr. Holtzman co-founded and from 1995-2000 was the Co-Chair of the
Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) Bioethics Committee and, from
1996-2001, served as a Member of the National Bioethics Advisory
Commission. He is a director of BIO and also a Trustee of the Berklee
College of Music. Mr. Holtzman received his B.A. in Philosophy from
Michigan State University and his B.Phil. graduate degree in Philosophy
from Oxford University, which he attended as a Rhodes Scholar. Based on
Mr. Holtzman’s experience in the biopharmaceutical industry,
particularly as the former Chief Executive Officer of Infinity
Pharmaceuticals and Chief Business Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals
and his resulting management and business development expertise, the
Board believes Mr. Holtzman has the appropriate set of skills to serve
on our Board.

     *Kleanthis G. Xanthopoulos, Ph.D.,*age 51, has served as a member
of our Board of Directors since May 2000 and served as our President and
Chief Executive Officer from May 2000 to November 2006. Since
December 2007, Dr. Xanthopoulos has served as President and Chief
Executive Officer of Regulus Therapeutics Inc., a biopharmaceutical
company. From January 2007 to December 2007, Dr. Xanthopoulos was a
Managing Director of Enterprise Partners Venture Capital, a venture
capital firm. From 1997 to 2000, he held a variety of positions at
Aurora Biosciences Corporation, a biotechnology company, including Vice
President, Genomics & Molecular Biology. Dr. Xanthopoulos was a
Section Head of the National Human Genome Research Institute at The
National Institutes of Health. He was a Postdoctoral Research Fellow at
the Rockefeller University from 1987 to 1990 and an Associate Professor
of Molecular Biology at the Karolinska Nobel Medical Institute, Sweden
from 1991 to 1995. Dr. Xanthopoulos is also a member of the Board of
Directors of Odyssey Thera, Inc., a privately held drug discovery
company, Regulus Therapeutics and BIOCOM, Southern California’s life
science industry association, where he chairs the Capital Formation
Committee. An Onassis Scholar, Dr. Xanthopoulos received his B.Sc. in
Biology with honors from Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece,
and received both his M.Sc. in Microbiology and Ph.D. in Molecular
Biology from the University of Stockholm, Sweden. Based on
Dr. Xanthopoulos’ experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, his
management and business development expertise, his scientific background
and his perspective on Anadys’ business and programs as a founder and
former Chief Executive Officer of Anadys, the Board believes
Dr. Xanthopoulos has the appropriate set of skills to serve on our
Board.

     *Marios Fotiadis*, age 36, has served as a member of our Board of
Directors since September 2002. Since November 2007, Mr. Fotiadis has
served as General Partner at TVM Capital, a venture capital firm focused
on technology and life science investments. Previously, he was Managing
Director of life sciences investments at Enterprise Partners Venture
Capital, a venture capital firm, from January 2007 to November 2007, and
a Partner at Advent International, a private equity firm, from 2004
through 2006. Prior to joining Advent, he was with SG Capital Partners,
a private equity firm, since 1999 and oversaw its portfolio in life
sciences. Prior to 1999, Mr. Fotiadis was an investment banker focusing
on mergers and acquisitions transactions with SG Cowen, an investment
bank related to SG Capital Partners. Mr. Fotiadis holds an M.B.A. from
Columbia University and a B.S.B.A. degree cum laude in Business
Administration from the Daniels College of Business at the University of
Denver. Based on Mr. Fotiadis’ experience in the investment banking and
venture capital communities and his perspective as a portfolio company
advisor for biopharmaceutical companies, with expertise in the
evaluation of assets and opportunities, the Board believes Mr. Fotiadis
has the appropriate set of skills to serve on our Board.

     *Steve Worland, Ph.D*., age 52, was appointed President and Chief
Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors in August 2007.
Dr. Worland joined us as our Chief Scientific Officer in 2001 and was
promoted to Executive Vice President, Head of Research and Development
in October 2004. In December 2005 he was named Executive Vice President,
Pharmaceuticals, assuming additional responsibilities, including
strategic planning and corporate development, while continuing to lead
our research and development efforts. In June 2006 he was named
President, Pharmaceuticals. From 1999 to 2001 he was Vice President,
Head of Antiviral Research, at Agouron Pharmaceuticals, a Pfizer
Company. Dr. Worland was at Agouron from 1988 through the acquisition of
Agouron by Warner-Lambert in 1999. Dr. Worland was a National Institutes
of Health Postdoctoral Fellow in Molecular Biology at Harvard University
from 1985 to 1988. He received his B.S. with highest honors in
Biological Chemistry from the University of Michigan and his Ph.D. in
Chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley. Based on
Dr. Worland’s senior management experience in the biopharmaceutical
industry, his scientific background and his knowledge of and perspective
on the Company, having served in a number of different officer
capacities at Anadys since 2001, the Board believes Dr. Worland has the
appropriate set of skills to serve on our Board.
