Scott R. Silverman, 47, has served as our chairman of our Board of
Directors since November 12, 2008 and as our chief executive officer
since August 27, 2009.  He previously served as our acting president
from March 2007 through May 4, 2007, as our chief executive officer from
December 5, 2006 through July 18, 2008, as chairman of our Board of
Directors from March 2003 through July 18, 2008 and as a member of our
Board of Directors from February 2002 through July 18, 2008. He also
served as our chief executive officer from April 2003 to June 2004. He
served as the chairman of the Board of Directors of Digital Angel
Corporation, or Digital Angel, from March 2003 through July 3, 2007, and
served as chief executive officer of Digital Angel from March 2003 to
December 5, 2006, and as acting president of Digital Angel from
April 2005 to December 5, 2006.  Mr. Silverman served as the chairman of
Steel Vault Corporation, our now wholly-owned subsidiary, or Steel
Vault, from January 2006 until November 11, 2009.  He served as a member
of the Board of Directors of Gulfstream International Group, Inc. from
September to October, 2010.  Mr. Silverman is an attorney licensed to
practice in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. The Board of Directors
nominated Mr. Silverman because of his past experience as a chairman and
chief executive officer of Digital Angel, our former parent company, as
well as his years of oversight and senior management experience of
companies in the technology industry.

William J. Caragol, 44, has served as our president and chief financial
officer since November 11, 2009, and previously served as acting chief
financial officer since January 2009, president since May 2007, chief
financial officer since August 2006, and treasurer since December 2006.
 Mr. Caragol served as Steel Vault’s president and a member of its board
of directors from December 3, 2008 and as acting chief financial officer
from October 24, 2008 until November 11, 2009 when Steel Vault became
our wholly-owned subsidiary. Mr. Caragol served as acting chief
executive officer of Steel Vault from October 24, 2008 until December 3,
2008 when he was appointed chief executive officer. From July 2005 to
August 2006, he served as the chief financial officer of Government
Telecommunications, Inc., a company under common control with us at the
time. Mr. Caragol served as a member of the Board of Directors of
Gulfstream International Group, Inc.  from September to October, 2010.
 He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and graduated from the Washington & Lee University with a
bachelor of science in Administration and Accounting. The Board of
Directors nominated Mr. Caragol as a director and he holds the positions
of president and chief financial officer because of his past experience
as a senior executive of other companies in the technology industry.

Jeffrey S. Cobb, 49, has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since March 2007. Mr. Cobb is the chief operating officer of IT Resource
Solutions.net, Inc. Prior to April 2004, Mr. Cobb was the executive vice
president and chief operating officer of SCB Computer Technology Inc.
Mr. Cobb served as a member on the Board of Directors of Steel Vault
from March 2004 through July 22, 2008. Mr. Cobb earned his Bachelor of
Science in Marketing and Management from Jacksonville University.
Mr. Cobb was nominated to the Board of Directors because of his
management and business development experience in technology companies.

Barry M. Edelstein, 48, has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since January 2008. Mr. Edelstein serves as managing partner of
Structured Growth Capital, Inc, a boutique investment banking firm.
Mr. Edelstein served as acting president and chief executive officer of
Destron Fearing Corporation (formerly known as Digital Angel
Corporation), or Destron Fearing, from August 2007 until December 2007.
Mr. Edelstein has served as the chairman of ScentSational Technologies,
LLC since 2002. Mr. Edelstein has a bachelor’s degree in business
administration from Drexel University and received his law degree from
Widener University School of Law. Mr. Edelstein was nominated to the
Board of Directors because of his past experience as a president and
chief executive officer, as well as his years of oversight and senior
management experience.

Michael E. Krawitz, 41, has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since November 2008. He currently serves as chief executive officer of
PEAR, LLC, a provider of green retrofitting and renewable energy.  From
January 2010 until February 2011, he served as chief executive officer
of Florida Sunshine Investments I, Inc. He previously served as the
chief executive officer and president of Digital Angel Corporation from
December 2006 to December 2007, executive vice president from March 2003
until December 2006, and as a member of its Board of Directors from
July 2007 until December 2007. Mr. Krawitz served as a member on the
Board of Directors of Steel Vault from July 23, 2008 until November 11,
2009. Mr. Krawitz earned a bachelor of arts degree from Cornell
University in 1991 and a juris doctorate from Harvard Law School in
1994. Mr. Krawitz was nominated to the Board of Directors due to his
past experience as a chief executive officer of Digital Angel, our
former parent company, as well as his experience as an attorney.

Ned L. Siegel, 59, has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since February 2011.  He has served as President of the Siegel Group,
Inc. since September 1997, and Managing Member of the Siegel Consulting
Group, LLC since November 2009, which provide real estate development
and realty management services.  From October 2007 until January 2009,
he served as United States Ambassador to the Commonwealth of the
Bahamas.  From September 2006 until January 2007, he served as Senior
Advisor to the United States Mission for the 61st Session of the United
Nations General Assembly.  From January 2003 until October 2007, Mr.
Siegel was a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private
Investment Corporation.  From 2003 until 2007, he served as a member of
the Board of Directors of the Caswell-Massey Company, Ltd., a world-wide
quality bath and body, home fragrance and gifts company.  Mr. Siegel was
appointed Vice Chairman of Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc. in January
of 2011. Mr. Siegel earned a bachelor of arts degree from the University
of Connecticut in 1973 and a juris doctorate from the Dickinson School
of Law in 1976.  Mr. Siegel was nominated to the Board of Directors due
to his past experience with government appointments and services and his
managerial experience. 
