*Gary Cappeline*
**Age:**
58
**Director Since:**
2007
**Committees:**
Audit, Compensation (Chair), Nominating & Corporate Governance
**Biography and Other Directorships:**

Mr. Cappeline is currently the Lead Independent Director. Mr. Cappeline
serves as an Operating Partner of AEA Investors LLC, a private equity
investment fund headquartered in New York City. Before joining AEA in
2007, Mr. Cappeline was president and chief operating officer of Ashland
Inc., a diversified chemical company, to which he returned in 2002 after
service as a senior executive in the chemical sectors at Englehard
Corporation and Honeywell International. He also served as chemical
industry partner at Bear Stearns Merchant Bank. Mr. Cappeline currently
serves on the board of directors of Unifrax Corporation (a manufacturer
of high temperature insulation products). Mr. Cappeline serves on the
board of directors of Houghton, a manufacturer of metal working fluids,
and Tampico, a manufacturer of fruit juice. He previously served as a
board and executive committee member of the American Chemistry Council,
a chemical industry trade association.

*Amado Cavazos*
**Age:**
64
**Director Since:**
Nominee for election at the Meeting
**Committees:**
**Biography and Other Directorships:**

Amado Cavazos is a candidate for election as a director of Innophos. Mr.
Cavazos retired from Du Pont, S.A. de C.V. in 2003 after holding
numerous management and executive positions. From 1996 to 1997 and then
again from 2000 to 2003 Mr. Cavazos was Director of Coatings Businesses
for Mexico and Central America. He was Group Director of Du Pont Mexico
from 1993 to 1995 and Director of Corporate Planning from 1989 to 1993.
During this time he represented Du Pont on several Boards of Directors;
Nylon de México, Tetraetilo de México, Química Fluor, and Industrias
Tecnos. From 1982 to 1986, Mr. Cavazos was Group Director/General Manger
for Du Pont Mexico and for three of its joint ventures, reporting
directly to the Boards of Directors (Pigmentos y Productos Químicos, La
Domincia, and Química Fluor). Mr. Cavazos earned a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Virginia Tech and an M.B.A. from Instituto
Technológico de Monterrey. From 1990 to 2003, Mr. Cavazos served as
member and Chairman of the Board of Asociación Nacional de la Industria
Química, a chemical industry trade association in Mexico.

*Randolph Gress*
**Age:**
52
**Director Since:**
2004
**Committees:**
None
**Biography and Other Directorships:**

Mr. Gress has served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
and President and Director of the Company since 2004. Mr. Gress joined
Rhodia, Inc. in 1997 and became Vice President and General Manager of
the sulfuric acid business. He was named global President of Specialty
Phosphates (based in the U.K.) in 2001. Prior to joining Rhodia,
Mr. Gress spent fourteen years at FMC Corporation where he worked in
various managerial capacities in the Chemical Products, Phosphorus
Chemicals and Corporate Development groups. From 1977 to 1980, Mr. Gress
worked at Ford Motor Company in various capacities within the Plastics,
Paint and Vinyl Division. Mr. Gress earned a B.S. in Chemical
Engineering from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from Harvard
Business School.

*Linda Myrick*
**Age:**
52
**Director Since:**
2006
**Committees:**
Nominating & Corporate Governance (Chair), Audit, Compensation
**Biography and Other Directorships:**

Ms. Myrick is Vice President & General Manager of Air Liquide Healthcare
American Corporation (formerly Scott Medical Products, a division of
Scott Specialty Gases, Inc.) headquartered in Houston, TX. Before
joining Scott in 2004, she served as an independent member of the board
of directors of Berwind Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., West Point, PA
and from 2001 to 2003 held various executive management positions with
Rhodia, Inc. including Vice President & General Manager – North America,
Home, Personal Care & Industrial Ingredients, and, until September 2002,
Vice President & General Manager – North America (US and Canada),
Specialty Phosphates. Prior to joining Rhodia, Ms. Myrick held a number
of positions in marketing, strategic planning and business management
with FMC Corporation, Philadelphia, PA. Ms. Myrick earned a B.S. in
Chemical Engineering from the University of Delaware and an M.B.A. from
the Wharton Graduate School of the University of Pennsylvania.

*Karen Osar*
**Age:**
58
**Director Since:**
2007
**Committees:**
Audit (Chair), Compensation, Nominating & Corporate Governance
**Biography and Other Directorships:**

Ms. Osar was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Chemtura Corporation, a \$4.0 billion specialty chemicals manufacturer
headquartered in Connecticut from 2004 through Chemtura’s formation in
2005 (and from 2004 was Executive Vice President of a predecessor
company) until her retirement in March 2007. From 1999 through 2003, she
served first as Chief Financial Officer of Westvaco Corporation and
subsequent to its merger with Mead Corporation in 2002, Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of MeadWestvaco Corporation,
primarily a provider of packaging solutions and products to major
branded goods manufacturers. She also held the position of Vice
President and Treasurer of Tenneco, Inc., an industrial conglomerate,
from 1994 to 1999. Previously she served as Managing Director,
Investment Banking, at JP Morgan and Company. Ms. Osar currently serves
as a director of the BNY Hamilton Funds, a group of mutual funds advised
by the Bank of New York Mellon, where she chaired the audit committee
from 1999-2006, Webster Financial Corporation, a bank holding company,
since 2006 and SAPPI Ltd, a global pulp and paper company whose shares
are listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

*Stephen Zide*
**Age:**
48
**Director Since:**
2004
**Committees:**
None
**Biography and Other Directorships:**

Mr. Zide has been a Managing Director of Bain Capital since 2001 and
affiliated with the firm since 1997. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Zide was a
Managing Director of Pacific Equity Partners, a private equity firm in
Sydney, Australia. Prior to joining Bain Capital, Mr. Zide was a partner
at the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, where he was a founding member
of the New York office and specialized in representing private equity
and venture capital firms. Mr. Zide is also a director of Broder Bros.,
Co., HD Supply, Inc., Edcon Ltd, Keystone Automotive Operations, Inc.
and Sensata Technologies B.V.
