*Thomas A. Armer, Ph.D.* has served as our Chief Scientific Officer and
as a member of our Board of Directors since the Company’s inception and
served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from inception to
April 2005. As one of the founders and as Chief Scientific Officer of
our Company, Dr. Armer brings to our Board of Directors operating
experience with the Company and insight into our business and
technologies. From 1998 to 2003, Dr. Armer served as Vice President of
Pulmonary Delivery Systems and later as Chief Scientific Officer at
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company focused on
development of pharmaceuticals for pulmonary delivery. From 1989 to
1998, Dr. Armer held a series of senior management and product
development positions at the Novon Products Group, a division of
Warner-Lambert, and Aeroquip Vickers Corporation. Dr. Armer received a
Ph.D. in chemical engineering from Tulane University.

*Bernard J. Kelley* has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since May 2007. Mr. Kelley brings to our Board of Directors experience
in pharmaceutical manufacturing, as well as senior management and
financial operations experience. From 1993 to 2002, Mr. Kelley was the
President of the Merck Manufacturing Division, a division of Merck &
Co., Inc., and he served as a member of the Merck Management Committee
from 1995 to 2002. Mr. Kelley served as a member of the board of
directors of Aegis Analytical Corporation, a private enterprise software
company, from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Kelley currently serves on the board of
directors of Codexis, Inc., a developer of industrial enzymes to enable
the production of biofuels, bio-based chemicals and pharmaceutical
indermediates, serving as a member of the audit committee and
compensation committee. Mr. Kelley received a B.S. in engineering from
the U.S. Naval Academy.

*Scott R. Ward* has served as a member of our Board of Directors since
September 2008 and as Chairman of our Board of Directors since February
2011. Mr. Ward brings to our Board of Directors experience in medical
devices and drug delivery, as well as senior management and financial
operations experience. Mr. Ward is president of Raymond Holdings, a firm
founded in 2011, with activities in venture capital, strategy and
transactional advisory services. From 1981 to 2010, Mr. Ward was
employed by Medtronic, Inc., a medical device company, and served as
Senior Vice President and President, Medtronic CardioVascular from May
2007 to 2010, in which role he was responsible for all worldwide
operations of the CardioVascular Business including the Coronary,
Peripheral, Endovascular, Structural Heart Disease and Revascularization
and Surgical Therapies Businesses. Previously, Mr. Ward served as Senior
Vice President and President of Medtronic Neurological and Diabetes,
Vice President and General Manager of the Medtronic Drug Delivery
Business and Director of Medtronic NeuroVentures. Mr. Ward serves on the
board of directors of Surmodics, Inc., a provider of drug delivery and
surface modification technologies to the healthcare industry. Mr. Ward
is also a member of the board of directors of several private medical
companies. Mr. Ward received a B.S. in Genetics and Cell Biology in
1981, and an M.S. in Toxicology in 1983, both from the University of
Minnesota.

*Gerri A. Henwood* has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since June 2004. Ms. Henwood brings to our Board of Directors
experience in the pharmaceuticals industry and clinical research, as
well as senior management experience. Ms. Henwood is currently the
President of an independent pharmaceuticals, biologics and medical
devices consulting firm, Malvern Consulting Group, and serves as the
Chief Executive Officer of RecroPharma, Inc., a private
biopharmaceutical company focused on developing pain therapies, and
Garnet BioTherapeuctics, Inc., a private biotherapeutics company
focused on cell therapies, cell manufacturing and cell based
devices. From 1999 to July 2006, Ms. Henwood was President, Chief
Executive Officer and, until May 2005, Chairman of the Board of
Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a public biopharmaceutical company
which she founded, focused on developing therapies for diseases of
aging and for excessive scarring disorders. From 1985 to 1999,
Ms. Henwood served as President and Chief Executive Officer of IBAH,
Inc., a public contract research company which she founded, originally
named Bio-Pharm Clinical Services, Inc.  Ms. Henwood is a member of
the board of directors of Alkermes, Inc. a pharmaceutical company, and
serves as a member of its nominating and corporate governance
committee. She received a B.S. from Neumann University.

*Matthew V. McPherron* has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since January 2006. Mr. McPherron brings to our Board of Directors
experience in corporate finance, as well as senior management
experience. Since 1998, Mr. McPherron has been employed by Brookside
Capital, LLC, an investment fund, where he is currently a Managing
Director. From 1997 to 1998, Mr. McPherron served as President and Chief
Operating Officer for U.S. Carelink, Inc., a clinical information
company. Mr. McPherron received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School
and a B.S. from the University of Kansas.

*Timothy S. Nelson* has served as our President and Chief Executive
Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2005. As
our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Nelson brings to our
Board of Directors operating experience with the Company and insight
into all aspects of our business. From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Nelson served
as Senior Vice President of Commercial and Business Development at
DURECT Corporation, a pharmaceutical company focused on developing
therapies for patients with chronic diseases and other medical
conditions. From 1992 to 1998, Mr. Nelson held various senior management
positions with Medtronic, Inc., a medical device company, including
Business Director of the Neurological Division for Europe, the Middle
East and Africa from 1996 to 1998. Mr. Nelson received an M.M. with
distinction from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern
University and a B.S. in chemical engineering from the University of
Minnesota.

*W. James O’Shea* has served as a member of our Board of Directors since
January 2012. Mr. O’Shea brings to our Board of Directors commercial
expertise in the pharmaceuticals industry, including in the areas of
sales and marketing, as well as senior management and financial
operations experience. From October 1999 to March 2007, Mr. O’Shea was
President and Chief Operating Officer at Sepracor, Inc., then a publicly
held pharmaceutical company. From April to August 2007, Mr. O’Shea
served as Sepracor’s Vice Chairman. Prior to Sepracor, Mr. O’Shea was
Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Medical Affairs for
Zeneca Pharmaceuticals, a business unit of Astra Zeneca plc, a public
biopharmaceutical company. While at Zeneca, he also held several
management positions of increasing responsibility in international sales
and marketing in the U.S. and U.K. Mr. O’Shea is past Chairman of the
National Pharmaceutical Council and is also a board member of BTG plc, a
specialist healthcare company, and Zalicus, Inc., a biopharmaceutical
company. Mr. O’Shea is also a member of the board of directors of a
privately held biotechnology company. Mr. O’Shea is a graduate of
Liverpool Lord Byron University, where he received an honors degree in
applied physics from the Institute of Physics.

*H. Ward Wolff* has served as a member of our Board of Directors since
March 2008. Mr. Wolff brings to our Board of Directors financial
expertise, having served as a chief financial officer of several
public companies, as well as senior management experience. Since
December 2007, Mr. Wolff has been employed as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Sangamo BioSciences, Inc., a
biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel human
therapeutics based on DNA-binding proteins. Mr. Wolff was formerly
with Nuvelo, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing
drugs for cardiovascular disease, where he served as Senior Vice
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer from July 2006 until
its restructuring in August 2007. Prior to joining Nuvelo, he was
Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Abgenix,
Inc., a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing human
therapeutic antibody products, from September 2004 until April 2006
when Abgenix merged with Amgen Inc. Prior to joining Abgenix,
Mr. Wolff held financial management positions in both public and
private emerging growth companies, including serving as Senior Vice
President and CFO of DoubleTwist, Inc., a life sciences company
integrating genomic information and bioinformatics analysis
tools. Mr. Wolff is also a member of the board of directors of a
private biopharmaceutical company.  Mr. Wolff served as a member of
the board of directors of Sangamo BioSciences from June 2006 to
December 2007, serving as chair of the audit committee. Mr. Wolff
began his career with Price Waterhouse, where he held a number of
positions as a certified public accountant, including senior audit
manager. Mr. Wolff received a B.A. in economics from the University of
California at Berkeley and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
