**John J. Haley (age 62)** has served as the Chief Executive Officer and
as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Towers Watson since January 1,
2010, and as President since October 3, 2011. Previously, he served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Watson Wyatt beginning on
January 1, 1999, as Chairman of the Board of Watson Wyatt beginning in
1999 and as a director of Watson Wyatt beginning in 1992. Mr. Haley
joined Watson Wyatt in 1977. Prior to becoming President and Chief
Executive Officer of Watson Wyatt, he was the Global Director of the
Benefits Group at Watson Wyatt. Mr. Haley is a Fellow of the Society of
Actuaries, and a member of the American Academy of Actuaries and the
Conference of Consulting Actuaries.  He is also a co-author of
Fundamentals of Private Pensions (University of Pennsylvania Press). Mr.
Haley also serves on the boards of MAXIMUS, Inc., a provider of health
and human services program management, consulting services and system
solutions, and Hudson Global, Inc., an executive search, specialty
staffing and related consulting services firm. He has an A.B. in
Mathematics from Rutgers College and studied under a Fellowship at the
Graduate School of Mathematics at Yale University.

Mr. Haley’s qualifications to serve as Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Towers Watson include the leadership and management
experience he gained during more than thirty years of service as an
employee, manager, officer, Chief Executive Officer and director of
Watson Wyatt, as well as his service on the boards of other public
companies and his substantive expertise in employee benefits and
actuarial consulting.

**Victor F. Ganzi** **(age 65)** has served as a director of Towers
Watson since January 1, 2010. He is presently a consultant and corporate
director. Mr. Ganzi was the President and Chief Executive Officer of The
Hearst Corporation, a private diversified communications company, from
2002 to 2008. He served as Hearst’s Executive Vice President from 1997
to 2002 and as its Chief Operating Officer from 1998 to 2002. Prior to
joining Hearst in 1990, Mr. Ganzi was the managing partner at the
international law firm of Rogers & Wells (now part of Clifford Chance).
Mr. Ganzi graduated summa cum laude from Fordham University with a B.S.
in Accounting, received a J.D. degree from Harvard Law School and holds
an L.L.M. in Taxation from New York University. Mr. Ganzi currently
serves as the lead director of Gentiva Health Services, Inc. and
previously served as a director of Wyeth and Hearst-Argyle Television,
Inc.

Mr. Ganzi’s qualifications to serve as a director of Towers Watson
include his experience as a general counsel, chief financial officer and
chief executive officer of a large diversified media company, as well as
his expertise gained during a long career in both law and finance and
his service on several boards of directors.

**Leslie S. Heisz (age 51)** has served as a director of Towers Watson
since April 2012.  Ms. Heisz was a managing director at Lazard Freres &
Co from 2004 through April 2010 and a senior advisor from 2003 to 2004,
providing strategic financial advisory services for clients in a variety
of industries.  Ms. Heisz was a managing director of Dresdner Kleinwort
Wasserstein (and its predecessor Wasserstein Perella & Co.) from 1996 to
2002 and a director from 1995 to 1996.  She was also a vice president at
Salomon Brothers, and was a senior consultant specializing in strategic
information systems at Price Waterhouse. Ms. Heisz is currently a member
of the board of directors of HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc. and Ingram
Micro, Inc.  She previously served on the Board of Directors of
International Game Technology and the Board of Managers of Eldorado
Resorts LLC.  Ms. Heisz holds a B.S. in Economics - Systems Science from
the University of California at Los Angeles, and a M.B.A. from the John
E. Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA.

Ms. Heisz’s qualifications to serve as a director of Towers Watson
include her extensive investment banking and finance experience, strong
business acumen and leadership record, deep understanding of the capital
markets, broad knowledge of mergers and acquisitions, and her service as
a member of a number of other boards.

**Brendan R. O’Neill (age 63)** has served as a director of Towers
Watson since January 1, 2010. He previously served as a director of
Watson Wyatt from July 2006 to 2009. Dr. O’Neill was Chief Executive
Officer and Director of Imperial Chemical Industries PLC (“ICI”), a
manufacturer of specialty products and paints, until April 2003. From
2003 until 2006, Dr. O’Neill was an independent director for a range of
companies. Dr. O’Neill joined ICI in 1998 as its Chief Operating Officer
and Director, and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in 1999. Prior
to Dr. O’Neill’s career at ICI, he held numerous positions at Guinness
PLC, including Chief Executive of Guinness Brewing Worldwide Ltd,
Managing Director International Region of United Distillers, and
Director of Financial Control. Dr. O’Neill also held positions at HSBC
Holdings PLC, BICC PLC, Aegis Group PLC, and the Ford Motor Company. He
has an M.A. in Natural Sciences from the University of Cambridge and a
Ph.D. in Chemistry from the University of East Anglia, and is a Fellow
of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (U.K.). Dr. O’Neill
is also a director of Tyco International Ltd., Informa Group PLC,
Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. and Drambuie Ltd.

Dr. O’Neill’s qualifications to serve as a director of Towers Watson
include his experience as the chief executive officer of an
international business, his extensive accounting and finance experience
and his prior service as an independent director of a number of
companies, including Watson Wyatt.

**Linda D. Rabbitt (age 63)** has served as a director of Towers Watson
since January 1, 2010. She previously served as a director of Watson
Wyatt from 2002 to 2009 and is the founder and Chief Executive Officer
of Rand Construction Corporation, a commercial construction company
founded in 1989 that specializes in building renovation and tenant
build-outs. Prior to founding Rand Construction Corporation, Ms. Rabbitt
was the co-founder and co-owner of Hart Construction Company, Inc., a
commercial tenant construction company. From 1981 to 1985, Ms. Rabbitt
was with KPMG (formerly Peat Marwick), where she was Director of
Marketing from 1982 to 1985. Ms. Rabbitt previously served as a director
of Brookfield Properties, a commercial real estate company, and
currently is a Class C director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond.
Ms. Rabbitt is also a director of the Greater Washington Board of Trade
and served as its Chair in 2002. Ms. Rabbitt has also served as a
director of the Economic Club of Washington, D.C., as a director of
Leadership Washington, and is Chairman of the Federal City Council and
is a trustee of George Washington University. Ms. Rabbitt holds a B.A.
from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and an M.A. from George
Washington University.

Ms. Rabbitt’s qualifications to serve as a director of Towers Watson
include her experience as a founder and chief executive officer of a
prominent construction business, her prior experience with a global
auditing/consulting firm and her service as a director of several other
entities, including her prior service as a director of Watson Wyatt.

**Gilbert T. Ray (age 68)** has served as a director of Towers Watson
since January 1, 2010. Formerly, Mr. Ray served as a director of Watson
Wyatt from 2000 to 2009. Mr. Ray was a partner of the law firm of
O’Melveny & Myers LLP until his retirement in 2001. He practiced
corporate law for almost three decades. He has extensive experience with
corporate and tax exempt transactions, as well as international finance.
Mr. Ray is a member of the boards of Advance Auto Parts, Inc., a
retailer of automotive parts; DiamondRock Hospitality Company, a real
estate investment trust; and DineEquity, Inc., a restaurant management
and franchise company. Mr. Ray is also a trustee of  two variable
annuity funds managed by SunAmerica Asset management and The John
Randolph Haynes and Dora Haynes Foundation. He holds a B.A. in Business
from Ashland University, an M.B.A. from the University of Toledo and a
J.D. from Howard Law School.

Mr. Ray’s qualifications to serve as a director of Towers Watson include
his expertise in corporate law and international finance, his long
service as a partner of a major international law firm and his service
on several other boards of directors, including his prior service as
chair of the compensation committee of Watson Wyatt (and currently as
chair of that committee for the Company), and as chair of the Nominating
and Governance Committee of Advance Auto Parts.  

**Paul Thomas (age 56)** has served as a director of Towers Watson since
January 1, 2010. He has been a senior executive with the Rank Group NA
since January 2011.  He was previously the Chief Executive Officer of
Reynolds Packaging Group from February 2008 through January 2011, when
Alcoa sold the Reynolds Packaging Group business to the Rank Group. Mr.
Thomas joined Alcoa in 1978 and, prior to the sale of its packaging
businesses, most recently served as Executive Vice President for Alcoa
and Group President for its Packaging and Consumer businesses. Mr.
Thomas holds a B.S. in Material Sciences and Metallurgical Engineering
from Lehigh University and an Executive M.B.A. from the University of
Tennessee.

Mr. Thomas’s qualifications to serve as a director of Towers Watson
include the leadership and management experience he gained serving in a
number of executive positions, including chief executive officer.  

**Wilhelm Zeller (age 68)** has served as a director of Towers Watson
since January 1, 2010. He is presently a consultant and corporate
director.  Formerly, he served as the chief executive officer of
Hannover Re Group from 1996 until his retirement in June 2009. Prior to
joining Hannover Re, Mr. Zeller was a member of the Executive Board of
Cologne Re and then a member of the Executive Council of General Re
Corporation, Cologne Re’s new principal shareholder. Currently, Mr.
Zeller serves as a member of various advisory and supervisory boards in
Germany as well as on the board of directors of Axis Capital Holdings
Ltd. Mr. Zeller has received numerous awards and recognitions from
worldwide trade periodicals including Reinsurance Personality of the
Year and the Lifetime Achievement Award. He holds a B.A. in Business
Administration from the University of Applied Sciences in Cologne,
Germany.

Mr. Zeller’s qualifications to serve as a director of Towers Watson
include his familiarity with the international insurance and reinsurance
industry, his experience serving as the chief executive officer of a
reinsurance company and his service as a member of a number of boards.
