Leroy T. Barnes, Jr.

Mr. Barnes, 60, has served as a Director since May 2005. Prior to his
retirement, he was Vice President and Treasurer of PG&E Corp., a holding
company for energy-based businesses, from 2001 to 2005 and Vice
President and Treasurer of Gap Inc., a clothing retailer, from 1997 to
2001. Mr. Barnes has been a Director of The McClatchy Company since
September 2000, a Director of Herbalife Ltd. since December 2004 and a
Director of Principal Funds, Inc. and Principal Variable Contracts, Inc.
since March 2012. He was a Director of Longs Drugs Stores Corporation
from February 2002 to October 2008.

Mr. Barnes is a skilled financial leader with an extensive background in
finance and treasury from his career as treasurer of several public
companies, including the Gap and PG&E. Mr. Barnes’ experiences have
provided him with a wealth of knowledge in dealing with complex
financial issues and an understanding of financial strategy in
challenging economic environments. Mr. Barnes also has extensive
experience serving on public company audit, nominating, governance and
pension committees which he can bring to bear as a member of our board
and committees.

Peter C.B. Bynoe

Mr. Bynoe, 61, has served as a Director since October 2007. Since
January 2008, Mr. Bynoe has served as a Senior Counsel in the Chicago
office of the international law firm DLA Piper US LLP. Since February
2008, he has been associated with Loop Capital Markets LLP, most
recently as a partner. From March 1995 until December 2007, Mr. Bynoe
was a senior Partner at DLA Piper US LLP and served on its Executive
Committee. He is also Chairman of Telemat Ltd., a business consulting
firm that he founded in 1982. Mr. Bynoe has been a Director of Covanta
Holding Corporation since July 2004. He was a Director of Rewards
Network Inc. from 2003 to May 2008.

Mr. Bynoe brings a varied business, legal and public policy background
to the board. Mr. Bynoe served as the Executive Director of the Illinois
Sports Facilities Authority, a joint venture of the City of Chicago and
State of Illinois created to develop the new Comiskey Park for the
Chicago White Sox and was Managing General Partner of the National
Basketball Association’s Denver Nuggets. Mr. Bynoe also served as a
consultant to the Atlanta Fulton County Recreation Authority and the
Atlanta Committee to Organize the Olympic Games in preparation for the
1996 Summer Olympic Games. Mr. Bynoe also has experience serving on
boards of directors of public companies, including as a nominating and
governance committee member and chair and as a compensation committee
member.

Jeri B. Finard

Ms. Finard, 52, has served as a Director since December 2005. Since
January 2012, she has served as a Senior Advisor to Catterton Partners,
a private equity firm providing equity capital to small to middle market
consumer companies in North America. Ms. Finard was Senior Vice
President, Global Brand President of Avon Products, Inc., a global
beauty products company, from December 2008 to January 2012. She was
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Kraft Foods,
Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of packaged foods and beverages, from
April 2006 to May 2007. Prior to that time, Ms. Finard was Executive
Vice President, Global Category Development of Kraft Foods, Inc. from
April 2005 to April 2006, Group Vice President and President of N.A.
Beverages Sector of Kraft Foods, Inc. from October 2004 to April 2005,
Executive Vice President of Kraft Foods North America from 2000 to 2004
and General Manager of Kraft’s Coffee Division in 2004 and of Kraft
Food’s Desserts Division from 2000 to 2003.

Ms. Finard has extensive experience in marketing and leading large
organizations from her career as a marketing executive at Kraft Foods
and Avon Products. Her marketing acumen brings a unique customer
perspective to the board as the company seeks to compete in an
increasingly competitive environment while always “putting the customer
first.”

Edward Fraioli

Mr. Fraioli, 65, has served as a Director since July 2010 following his
retirement from Ernst & Young LLP, a public accounting firm, where he
had been a partner since 1983. Since that time, he has served as a
business consultant to other companies. He had served as Professional
Practice Director for Ernst & Young’s Private Equity practice from 2008
to July 2010, where he was responsible for support of engagement teams
on accounting and auditing matters. From 2005 through 2008, Mr. Fraioli
served as Ernst & Young’s Global Vice Chairman for Independence matters
within Global Quality and Risk Management, where he was responsible for
the Ernst & Young’s global independence organization. Prior to 2005, he
served as lead audit partner on a number of public and global companies.

Mr. Fraioli was with Ernst & Young for over 35 years. As such, his
public accounting and financial expertise provides the board with a
valuable resource.

James S. Kahan

Mr. Kahan, 64, has been a Director since May 2011. He was an executive
of AT&T Inc. (formerly SBC Communications Inc.), where he spent nearly
38 years, most recently as Senior Executive Vice President of Corporate
Development from July 1993 until his retirement in June 2007. Mr. Kahan
has been a Director of Amdocs Ltd. since April 1998 and a Director of
Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. since September 2007.

Mr. Kahan has over three decades of senior executive level experience at
telecommunications companies, including AT&T, Western Electric, Bell
Laboratories, South Central Bell and Southwestern Bell Telephone. At
AT&T and SBC, he oversaw approximately \$300 billion of acquisitions,
including the acquisitions of Pacific Telesis (1997), Southern New
England Telecommunications (1998), Ameritech (1999) and the former AT&T
Corp. (2005), as well as Cingular Wireless’ acquisition of AT&T Wireless
(2004). He was also responsible for AT&T’s acquisition of BellSouth
Corp. in 2006. Mr. Kahan also brings experience serving on boards of
directors of public companies, including as a compensation committee
chair, audit committee member and nominating and corporate governance
committee member.

Pamela D.A. Reeve

Ms. Reeve, 62, has been a Director since July 2010. She has also served
as a director of American Tower Corporation since March 2002 and serves
as the Lead Director and a member of the compensation and nominating and
corporate governance committees of the American Tower board. From
November 1989 to August 2004, Ms. Reeve was the founder and a director
of Lightbridge, Inc., a global provider of mobile business software and
technology solutions, offering products and services for the wireless
telecommunications industry, where she held various executive positions,
including President and Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Reeve served on the
board of directors of LiveWire Mobile, Inc. from 1997 until November
2009.

Ms. Reeve has leadership, operational and financial expertise,
particularly in the communications and technologies industries, and has
extensive corporate governance experience, having served on public
company audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance
committees.

Howard L. Schrott

Mr. Schrott, 57, has served as a Director since July 2005. Since
February 2006, Mr. Schrott has been a Principal in Schrott Consulting, a
division of AMMC, Inc., a management consulting firm, for which he also
serves as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that time, he was Chief
Financial Officer of Liberty Corporation, a television broadcaster, from
2001 to February 2006. Mr. Schrott was a Director of Time Warner Telecom
Holdings Inc. from 2004 to 2006.

Mr. Schrott brings a wealth of financial and operational experience to
the board, having served as the Chief Financial Officer of three
different companies in the media and technology space and running his
own management consulting firm. He has also served as the chairman of
the audit committee of Time Warner Telecom Holdings Inc. In addition,
Mr. Schrott serves on the boards of directors of several private
companies involved in media and technology, including Maverick Media,
LLC, a radio broadcasting company, and Weather Central Holdings, Inc., a
software and technology company, and previously served on the boards of
Wide Orbit, Inc. and Gannaway Web Holding, LLC. Mr. Schrott also serves
as a trustee of Butler University.

Larraine D. Segil

Ms. Segil, 63, has served as a Director since March 2005. Ms. Segil has
been Chief Executive Officer of Larraine Segil Inc. (formerly Larraine
Segil Productions, Inc.) since 1987 and of Little Farm Company, an
agricultural holding company, since 2009. She has also been a senior
research fellow at the IC2 Institute at the University of Texas, Austin
on strategy and alliances, since 1991, a member of the Entrepreneurs
Board of Advisors for the UCLA Anderson School of Management since 1991
and a member of the board of LARTA, the Los Angeles Technology Alliance
from 1994 to 2008. In January 2009, Ms. Segil was appointed to the board
of Strategic Alliances Advisory Group for the Tropical Diseases Group of
the World Health Organization in Geneva, Switzerland. From 2003 until December 2006, Ms. Segil was a
Partner of Vantage Partners, a business strategy consulting group. Ms.
Segil was a Partner and Co-Founder of The Lared Group, a business
strategy consulting group, until its acquisition by Vantage in 2003.

Ms. Segil has extensive experience in the area of strategic alliances.
In addition, she is a former partner of a business strategy consulting
group. Ms. Segil’s unique experience is a valuable asset to the board,
particularly in light of the acquisition activity engaged in by the
company over the past several years.

Mark Shapiro

Mr. Shapiro, 41, has served as a Director since July 2010. Mr. Shapiro
is a limited partner in Dick Clark Productions and has served as its
Chief Executive Officer since May 2010. Prior to that, he served as
President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Six Flags
Entertainment Corporation (formerly Six Flags, Inc.), a theme park
company, from December 2005 until May 2010. In June 2009, Six Flags and
certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under
chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In April 2010, Six
Flags emerged from chapter 11. Prior to joining Six Flags, Mr. Shapiro
spent 12 years at ESPN, Inc., where he served as Executive Vice
President, Programming and Production and in various other capacities.
Mr. Shapiro has been a director of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. since
November 2008, a trustee on the board of Equity Residential since
January 2010, a Director of Papa John’s International, Inc. since
February 2011 and a member of the Advisory Board of NeuMedia, Inc. since
June 2011.

Coupling his board service with experience in executive-level positions
at large organizations facing complex business challenges, Mr. Shapiro
brings business acumen and front-line operations know-how to many of the
issues and challenges facing public companies, along with innovation and
critical insight in the areas of content creation, marketing and
branding.

Myron A. Wick, III

Mr. Wick, 68, has served as a Director since March 2005. Mr. Wick has
been Managing Director of McGettigan & Wick, Co., an investment banking
firm, since 1988 and a Principal of Proactive Partners, L.P., a merchant
banking fund, since 1989. He has also been Managing Director of Hola
Television Group, a private Spanish media company, since September 2009.
He was a Director of Modtech Holdings, Inc. from 1994 to 2008.

Mr. Wick has over two decades of investment banking experience with an
extensive knowledge of operational and financial transactions. Mr. Wick
has served as chairman, chief executive officer and chief operating
officer of a variety of enterprises spanning aquaculture, biotech,
education, television broadcasting and investment banking. Mr. Wick is a
co-founder of an investment banking firm that provides financial
services to small private and public companies and a merchant banking
fund, investing in and providing advisory services to “micro cap” public
companies. Mr. Wick’s background provides the board with an experienced
lead director during a time of significant acquisition activity by the
company. He also has experience serving on the boards of directors of
public companies, including as an audit and compensation committee
member.

Mary Agnes Wilderotter, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer

Mrs. Wilderotter, 57, has served as a Director since September 2004. She
has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since November
2004 and as our Chairman of the Board since December 2005. Prior to
joining our company, she was Senior Vice President—World Wide Public
Sector of Microsoft Corp. from February 2004 to November 2004 and Senior
Vice President—Worldwide Business Strategy of Microsoft Corp. from 2002
to 2004. From 1997 to 2002, she was President and Chief Executive
Officer of Wink Communications, an interactive telecommunications and
media company. Mrs. Wilderotter has been a Director of Xerox Corporation
since May 2006 and a Director of The Procter & Gamble Company since
August 2009. She was a Director of The McClatchy Company from January
2001 to August 2007 and a Director of Yahoo!, Inc. from July 2007 to
December 2009.

Mrs. Wilderotter serves as the company’s Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer and President and is a 30-year veteran of the cable
and communications and information technology industries. She is a
recognized leader in these fields and was selected as one of Fortune
magazine’s 50 Most Powerful Women in 2009, 2010 and 2011 and among The
Financial Times’ Top 50 Women in World Business in 2011. In October
2010, President Obama appointed her as Vice Chair of the President’s
National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee. Her career has
given her in- depth knowledge and placed her in leadership positions of
companies at the convergence of communications and information
technology. Early in her career at Cabledata (now DST), she ran the
largest management information systems and billing company in the cable
industry. Thereafter, she was Regional President managing McCaw Cellular
Communications’ California, Nevada, and Hawaii regions and then Senior
Vice President of McCaw. Following McCaw’s acquisition by AT&T, she was
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T’s Aviation Communications Division and
later Executive Vice President of National Operations for AT&T Wireless
Services, Inc. After seven years in the wireless industry, Mrs.
Wilderotter became President and CEO of Wink Communications, which
provided cable operators with a cost-effective technology to deliver
interactive television services. After taking Wink public and
negotiating its sale to Liberty Media, Mrs. Wilderotter joined Microsoft
in 2002 as Senior Vice President-World Wide Public Sector and Senior
Vice President—Worldwide Business Strategy. During her career, Mrs.
Wilderotter has sat on the boards of more than 20 public companies and
now serves on the boards of Procter & Gamble and Xerox Corporation. Her
board experience includes chair and membership on audit committees;
chair and membership on compensation committees; and membership on
finance committees and governance and public responsibility committees.
Mrs. Wilderotter’s industry and leadership experience provides the board
with industry knowledge, vision, innovation and strategy.
