***Joseph A. Avila***, 58, has been a director since September 2007.
Mr. Avila currently provides advisory and management services to energy
and private equity firms. From September 29, 2006 to March 6, 2008,
Mr. Avila served as an officer and Executive Vice President, Strategic
Operations and Process at Quanta Services, Inc., a leading provider of
specialized contracting services, delivering end-to-end network
solutions for the electric power, gas, telecommunications and cable
television industries. From 1978 to 2006, he held various positions with
McKinsey & Company, most recently as a director providing leadership to
the Energy and Technology Management Practices. Mr. Avila has extensive
consulting experience with a wide range of companies in the energy,
industrial and technologies industries. Mr. Avila serves on the Advisory
Board of the Houston Technology Center.

***Alan E. Barton***, 53, has been a director since September 2008. He
is the Chief Executive Officer of Lehigh Technologies, Inc., a
manufacturer and distributor of fine and ultra-fine engineered rubber
powders. Prior to his retirement from Rohm and Haas Company in
October 2008, he was an Executive Vice President of Rohm and Haas.
During his 24-year career at Rohm and Haas, Dr. Barton has held many
positions, including Vice President and Business Group Executive,
Coatings (2002-2006) with oversight for operations, engineering and
Latin America; Regional Director, Asia-Pacific Region (2004-2005).
Dr. Barton was named to Rohm and Haas’ Executive Council in 2001. His
experience at Rohm and Haas includes product development, business
development and scientific research. Dr. Barton is a member of the Board
of Directors of Technitrol, Inc. He is Chairman of Technitrol’s
Governance Committee and serves on its Compensation Committee.

***Christopher P. Belden***, 49, has been a director since
February 2008. He is the Executive Vice President – Global Operations at
NXP Semiconductors, which he joined in March 2008. Mr. Belden has
26 years of experience in semiconductor manufacturing and operations.
From February 2005 to February 2007, Mr. Belden was Group Vice President
of Global Operations for Applied Materials, Inc., a global leader in
nanomanufacturing technology solutions for the electronics industry,
where he was responsible for volume manufacturing, supply chain
management, reliability, quality and worldwide facilities. Prior to
joining Applied Materials, Mr. Belden had a 23-year career at Motorola
where his last role was Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing
and Operations. He serves on the Board of Directors of Advanced
Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation Limited (ASMC) and is a member
of ASMC’s Audit Committee.

***Robert I. Frey***, 66, has been a director since April 2004. He is
an assistant professor of Global Management and Business Ethics, Grand
Valley State University, in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He joined Herman
Miller, Inc. in 1996, where he was an Executive Vice President and
member of the Executive Committee and President of Herman Miller
International, accountable for international strategic planning,
manufacturing, sales and marketing until his retirement in 2002. Prior
thereto, Mr. Frey served as General Counsel and then Executive Vice
President and President of Whirlpool, Inc.’s Asian operations.

***William J. Ketelhut***, 57, has been a director since April 2004. He
has served as an advisor to and Division Managing Director of CSE-Global
Ltd. Singapore since 2004. From 2001-2002, he was President of Control
Products at Honeywell International, Inc., a global company with 15
major lines of businesses including semiconductors, consumer products
and sensors products. From 1994-2001, he served as President of several
business units of Invensys plc, a global automation, controls and
process solutions group. He was President and Chief Executive Officer at
GE/Micro Switch Control Inc. (a joint venture between GE and Honeywell
Microswitch Division) from 1992-1994.

***Mark D. Morelli***, 45, has been President, Chief Executive Officer
and director of ECD since September 1, 2007. He served as President of
Carrier Commercial Refrigeration, a division of Carrier Corporation,
from April 2006 until he joined ECD in 2007. From June 2004 to
April 2006, Mr. Morelli was Vice President and General Manager of the
Marine Container Business with Carrier Transicold, and from
September 2002 to June 2004 he was the Managing Director of Transport
Air Conditioning with Carrier Transicold. Prior to 2002, he also served
as Vice President Marketing & Strategy for United Technologies Power
Division and in various positions for Carrier. His customer and
strategic business experience includes developing and marketing
building-integrated products within United Technologies Corporation.

***Stephen Rabinowitz***, 66, a director since April 2004, serves as
ECD’s Chairman of the Board. He was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of General Cable, Inc., a leader in the development, design,
manufacture, marketing and distribution of copper, aluminum and fiber
optic wire and cable products for the communications, energy and
specialty markets, until he retired in 2001. Prior to joining General
Cable as President and CEO in 1994, he served as President and CEO of
Allied Signal Braking Systems, and before that as President and CEO of
General Electric’s Electrical Distribution and Control business. He has
also held management positions in manufacturing operations and
technology at the General Electric Company and the Ford Motor Company.
Mr. Rabinowitz is a member of the Board of Directors of Columbus
McKinnon Corp. and serves on its Audit Committee and chairs its
Compensation and Succession Committee.

***George A. Schreiber***, **Jr**., 61, has been a director since
September 2006. He is the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Continental Energy Systems LLC, a holding company that invests in
regulated public utility companies. Continental Energy Systems’
principal investments include natural gas distribution businesses
serving markets in Michigan, Alaska and New Mexico, and an electric
distribution company serving various markets in Texas. From
September 1999 to March 2004, he was the Chairman, Global Energy Group,
at Credit Suisse First Boston, New York.
