(1)

Dr. Aubrecht began his career with the Company in 1969. He worked in
various engineering capacities, including three years with the Company’s
German subsidiary. After three years with American Hospital Supply,
Dr. Aubrecht rejoined the Company in 1979 as Administrative Vice
President and Secretary. In 1988, he became Chairman of the Board, and
in 1996 was elected Vice Chairman of the Board and Vice President of
Strategy and Technology. Dr. Aubrecht studied at the Sibley School of
Mechanical Engineering at Cornell University where he received his B.S.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees.

(2)

Dr. Aubrecht’s wife is the beneficial owner of 59,347 Class A shares
which are not included in the number reported.

(3)

Mr. Hendrick retired in 2001 as Chairman and President of Okuma America
Inc., with annual revenues of approximately \$400 million, headquartered
in Charlotte, North Carolina. Mr. Hendrick became President of Okuma in
1989. He received a B.S.M.E. from the University of Pittsburgh and a
M.S. from Carnegie Mellon University.

(4)

Mr. Lipke is the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
Gibraltar Industries, Inc. located in Buffalo, NY, with annual revenues
of approximately \$1.0 billion. Mr. Lipke started his career with
Gibraltar in 1972 and became President in 1987 and Chairman of the Board in 1999.
Mr. Lipke attended the SUNY College of Technology at Alfred and the
University of Akron.

(5)

Mr. Gray retired as Chairman and CEO of PrimeStar Partners, LP, a
communications company, in 1998. Previously Mr. Gray was Vice Chairman
of Time Warner Cable. He received his B.S. in Business Administration
from Kent State University and his M.B.A. from the State University of
New York at Buffalo.

(6)

Mr. Kayser is President and Chief Executive Officer of Seneca Foods
Corporation, with annual revenues of over \$850 million, headquartered
in Pittsford, NY. Prior to his promotion in 1993, Mr. Kayser was the
company’s CFO. He received a B.A. from Hamilton College and an M.B.A.
from Cornell University.

(7)

Does not include 151,500 Class A shares and 79,500 Class B shares held
in a Seneca Foods Corporation pension plan for which Mr. Kayser is one
of three trustees as well as one of a number of beneficiaries. Also not
included are 43,937 Class A shares owned by the Seneca Foods Foundation,
of which Mr. Kayser is a director.

(8)

Mr. Maskrey joined the Company in 1964, retiring as an officer on
October 1, 2005, while continuing to serve on the Board of Directors. He
served in a variety of engineering capacities through 1981, when
Mr. Maskrey joined the Aircraft Controls Division, of which he became
General Manager and concurrently a Vice President of the Company in
1985. In 1999, he was elected an Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer, the position he held at retirement. Mr. Maskrey
received his B.S. and M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

(9)

Mr. Myers is Corporate Vice President of Strategy and Technology for
Northrop Grumman Corporation, headquartered in Los Angeles, CA, with
revenues of approximately \$30 billion. Formerly Vice President and
Treasurer, Mr. Myers joined Northrop in 1981. He received his B.S. and
M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Idaho and
a M.S. degree from the Alfred P. Sloan School at the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.

(10)

Mr. Green began his career at the Company in 1966. In 1973, Mr. Green
was named Vice President – Human Resources, and elected Executive Vice
President and Chief Administrative Officer in 1988. Before joining the
Company, Mr. Green worked for General Motors Institute and served as a
Captain in the U.S. Army. Mr. Green received his B.S. from Alfred
University in 1962 and completed graduate study in Industrial Psychology
at Heidelberg University in Germany.

(11)

Mr. Boushie recently retired as President of Crane Co.’s Aerospace &
Electronics segment, which has annual revenues of approximately
\$500 million, a position held since 1999. Previously he was President
of Crane’s Hydro-Aire operation. Mr. Boushie has a B.A. from Colgate
University, an Associate Metallurgy degree from Reynolds Metals Co., and
has completed graduate work at the University of Michigan and the
Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania.

(12)

Mr. Banta has been with the Company since 1983 when he was appointed
Vice President – Finance. He became Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer in 1988 and was named a Director in 1991. Prior to
joining the Company, Mr. Banta was Executive Vice President of Corporate
Banking for M&T Bank. Mr. Banta received his B.S. from Rutgers
University and holds an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Finance at the
University of Pennsylvania.

(13)

Mr. Brady has worked at the Company since 1966 in positions that have
encompassed finance, production and operations management. In 1976,
Mr. Brady was named Vice President and General Manager of the Aerospace
Group. He was elected a director in 1984 and became President and CEO in
1988. In 1996, he was elected Chairman of the Board. Prior to joining
Moog, Mr. Brady served as an officer in the U.S. Navy. Mr. Brady
received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1962
and received his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School in 1966.

(14)

Mr. Brady’s wife owns 56,828 Class A shares and 25,747 Class B shares
which are not included in the number reported.

(15)

Dr. Huckvale began his career with the Company in 1980. From 1980 to
1986, Dr. Huckvale served as Engineering Manager of Moog Controls Ltd.
In 1986, Dr. Huckvale was named General Manager of the Pacific Group. In
1990, Dr. Huckvale was elected a Vice President of Moog, and in 1995,
was named head of the Moog International Group. Prior to joining the
Company, Dr. Huckvale worked for Plessy Hydraulics and the Atkins Research and Development Center. Dr. Huckvale received his
Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Bath in England.
