*Daniel Hamburger,*age 42

      Mr. Hamburger has been President and COO of the Company since July
2004. He joined the Company as Executive Vice President in November
2002. From January 2001 to November 2002 he served as Chairman and CEO
of an Accenture subsidiary, Indeliq Inc., which developed education
technology. Prior to that, Mr. Hamburger served as President of the
Internet Commerce division of W. W. Grainger, Inc., a service company.
Mr. Hamburger was previously employed at R.R. Donnelley and at
Bain & Co.

**CLASS III — TERM EXPIRES 2009**

*Charles A. Bowsher,*age 75

      Mr. Bowsher has been a Director of the Company since February
1997. In 1996 Mr. Bowsher completed a 15-year term as Comptroller
General of the United States and head of the General Accounting Office.
Prior to that he was affiliated with Arthur Andersen and Co., for
25 years, except for a four-year period when he served as Assistant
Secretary of the Navy for Financial Management. Mr. Bowsher is also a
director of Washington Mutual Investors Fund and SI International.
Additionally, Mr. Bowsher serves as a public member of the NASD board of
directors and serves on the advisory board of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB).

*William T. Keevan,*age 60

      Mr. Keevan has been a Director of the Company since November 2005.
He has been a Senior Managing Director of Navigant Consulting, Inc., a
specialty consulting firm, since June 2002. He is a member of the firm’s
Dispute, Investigative, and Regulatory Advisory Services Management
Committee and leader of the firm’s Government Contractor Services Group.
His clients include companies in a variety of industries many of which
do substantial business with the U.S. and foreign governments. His
practice entails advising clients on complex accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance, and
governance matters. From September 1982 to June 2002, Mr. Keevan was a
partner at Arthur Andersen LLP, a provider of auditing, tax, and
consulting services, in a number of senior management positions.

*Robert C. McCormack,*age 67

      Mr. McCormack has been a Director of the Company since 1995. He is
a founding partner of Trident Capital, Inc., a private equity firm
established in 1993 to invest in information and business service
companies. He served as Co-Chairman and Managing Director until 2005,
when he became an Advisory Director of the firm. From 1990 to 1993
Mr. McCormack was the Assistant Secretary and Comptroller of the Navy,
prior to which time he served for 2^1^/2 years in various positions on
the staff of the Secretary of Defense. Mr. McCormack spent 20 years in
investment banking with Dillon, Read & Co. Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated before his government service. He is also a director of
Illinois Tool Works Inc., Mead Westvaco Corporation and Northern Trust
Corporation.

*Julia A. McGee,*age 64

      Ms. McGee has been a Director of the Company since 1994. She
became President and CEO of Harcourt Achieve, Professional and Trade, a
publisher of educational, trade and professional materials, in 2003
after serving as President, Basal and Test Publishing, for McGraw Hill
Education, an information service provider, and earlier as Executive
Vice President of Scholastic Inc., an education publisher. From 1991 to
November 2000 Ms. McGee was President of McDougal, Littell & Co. and,
upon its acquisition by Houghton Mifflin in 1994, she also became
Executive Vice President, Houghton Mifflin, a publishing company.
Ms. McGee began her publishing career at McDougal Littell in 1988 as an
editorial director. From 1986 to 1988 she held management positions at
Ligature, Inc., prior to which she was, for three years, Director of
Marketing and Software Development for a division of Tandy Corporation.

**INCUMBENT DIRECTORS**

**CLASS I — TERM EXPIRES 2007**

*Connie R. Curran,*age 58

      Dr. Curran has been a Director of the Company since 2003. She is
President of Curran Associates, a healthcare consulting company. From
September 2003 until June 2006, Dr. Curran served as the Executive
Director of C-Change (formerly the National Dialogue on Cancer), an
organization that brings together the public, private, and nonprofit
sectors to focus on the eradication of cancer. She spent the preceding
15+ years in several healthcare leadership positions — President,
Cardinal Health Consulting Services, 2000-2003; President and CEO,
CurranCare, from 1995 until its acquisition by Cardinal Health in 2000;
Vice Chairman/ National Director for Patient Care Services, APM
Incorporated, 1990-1995; and Vice President for HealthCare Management
and Patient Care Services, American Hospital Association, 1985-1989.
Prior to 1989, Dr. Curran was the Dean of the College of Nursing at the
Medical College of Wisconsin and held professorships at the University
of San Francisco and Columbia University. She is a prolific author with
over 200 publications and several research programs. She is chairman of
the Silver Cross Hospital Board and serves on the boards of several
nonprofit organizations. Dr. Curran is also a director of Hospira, Inc.

*Harold T. Shapiro,*age 71

      Dr. Shapiro has been a Director of the Company since 2001.
Dr. Shapiro is President Emeritus of Princeton University and a
professor of economics in its Woodrow Wilson School of Public and
International Affairs. He was the president and a professor of economics
and public affairs there from 1988 until his retirement in June 2001.
Dr. Shapiro joined the faculty of the University of Michigan in 1964 and
was that university’s president from 1980 to 1988. He is also the
Presiding Director of The Dow Chemical Company and a director of HCA
Inc.

*Ronald L. Taylor,* age 63

      Mr. Taylor has been a Director of the Company since 1987. From
August 1987 until his November 2002 appointment as Co-Chief Executive
Officer, he was also President and Chief Operating Officer. In July 2004
he became the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. In 1973 Mr. Taylor
co-founded Keller Graduate School of Management (“KGSM”) and was from
1973 to 1981 its Chief Operating Officer, and from 1981 to 1987 its
President and Chief Operating Officer.

**CLASS II — TERM EXPIRES 2008**

*David S. Brown,* age 65

      Mr. Brown has been a Director of the Company since 1987 and was a
founding stockholder and director of KGSM from 1973 to 1987. Mr. Brown,
formerly a practicing attorney (now retired), was a partner in the
Chicago law firm of McBride and Baker from 1972 to 1979 and served as
General Counsel of the U.S. Office of Minority Business Enterprise from
1971 to 1972. From 1980 to 1996, Mr. Brown was employed by United
Laboratories, Inc., a manufacturer and seller of specialty chemicals,
most recently as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
General Counsel.

*Dennis J. Keller,* age 65

      Mr. Keller has been Board Chair since 1987 and was Chief Executive
Officer of the Company until November 2002, then Co-Chief Executive
Officer until July 2004. Mr. Keller co-founded KGSM and was from 1973 to
August 1987 its Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. He is
also a director of NICOR Inc.

*Frederick A. Krehbiel,* age 65

      Mr. Krehbiel has been a Director of the Company since 1996.
Employed since 1965 by Molex Incorporated, an electronic component
manufacturer, he served as CEO from 1988 to 1999 and as Chairman from
1993 to 1999. Since July 1999, Mr. Krehbiel has served as Co-Chairman.
Mr. Krehbiel also served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from 1999-2001
and as Chief Executive Officer from 2004 until July 2005. Mr. Krehbiel
is also a director of Tellabs, Inc. and Molex Incorporated.

*Fernando Ruiz,* age 50

      Mr. Ruiz has been a Director of the Company since November 2005.
He has been employed by The Dow Chemical Company since 1980. He was
appointed Vice President and Treasurer of The Dow Chemical Company in
2001 and Corporate Vice President and Treasurer in 2005. Mr. Ruiz served
as Assistant Treasurer of The Dow Chemical Company from 1996-2001.
Mr. Ruiz serves as a director for a number of Dow subsidiaries including
Dow Financial Services Inc. and Dow Credit Corporation and serves as
President and CEO of Liana Ltd., a holding company for Dow’s insurance
subsidiaries.
