*Frederick D. D’Alessio*has been a Director of N.E.T. since January
2005. Since 2002, he has served as a General Partner of Capitol
Management Partners, a telecommunications consultancy. From 1971 to
2001, he held various management positions with Verizon Communications
and its related entities, serving most recently as president of the
Advanced Services Group for Verizon Communications, which included
Verizon’s long distance, DSL and internet service provider businesses,
from July 2000 to November 2001, and as group president, consumer
services, for Bell Atlantic Communications from December 1998 to June
2000. Mr. D’Alessio received his Bachelor of Science degree in
electrical engineering and Master of Science degree from the New Jersey
Institute of Technology and holds an MBA from Rutgers University. He is
a director of Aware, Inc., and a privately held company*.*

*Dixon R. Doll* has been a Director of N.E.T. since April 1984 and
became the Company’s Chairman of the Board in August 2002. He is also
the Chairman-elect of the U. S. National Venture Capital Association and
serves on the Executive Committee. In December 1996, he founded Doll
Capital Management, a private venture capital firm that invests in
entrepreneurial companies in the information technology and
communications markets, where he serves as Managing General Partner.
From September 1994 to December 1996, Dr. Doll was actively engaged in
venture capital activities as a private investor. From September 1985 to
September 1994, Dr. Doll was a partner of Accel Partners, a private
venture capital firm. Dr. Doll holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
electrical engineering from Kansas State University and Master of
Science and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from the University
of Michigan. Dr. Doll is also a director of several privately held
companies.

*C. Nicholas Keating, Jr.* has been a Director of N.E.T. since November
2001. He was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of
the Company in July 2005. From October 2000 to February 2004, he served
as President and CEO of IP Infusion Inc. and continued to serve on its
Board of Directors until early 2005. In 1999 Mr. Keating became
President and CEO of US Search.com, a web-based provider of on-line
information services to corporate and professional users. From 1993 to
1998, Mr. Keating was an advisor to a number of worldwide organizations,
including Integrated Telecom Technologies and Lucent Technologies. From
1987 to 1993, Mr. Keating was a Vice President and corporate officer of
N.E.T. Mr. Keating also serves on the Board of Directors of Foundry
Networks and is a Trustee of the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco. He
received his BA and MA from American University and was a Fulbright
scholar.

*David R. Laube* has been a Director of N.E.T. since April 2001. He is
currently executive in residence for the school of business at the
University of Colorado at Denver. Mr. Laube spent 17 years as a senior
executive at U S WEST (now Qwest Communications). Over his last five
years at U S WEST, Mr. Laube was the Vice President and Chief
Information Officer, leading the largest Information Technologies
organization in Colorado. Mr. Laube is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the
University of Washington with a Bachelor of Arts in finance, holds an
MBA from the Wharton School of Business at the University of
Pennsylvania and is a CPA. In 2004, Mr. Laube was awarded an honorary
doctorate by the University of Colorado. He also serves on the Board of
Directors of Carrier Access Corporation.
