**John F. Bergstrom.** Age 61.

•         Bergstrom Corporation – Chairman since 1982 and Chief
Executive Officer since 1974. Bergstrom Corporation owns and operates
numerous automobile sales and leasing companies.
•         Director of Kimberly-Clark Corporation.
•         Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation since 1987, Wisconsin
Electric Power Company since 1985 and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2000.

**Barbara L. Bowles.**Age 60.

•         Profit Investment Management – Retired Vice Chair. Served as
Vice Chair from January 2006 until retirement in December 2007. Profit
Investment Management is an investment advisory firm.
•         The Kenwood Group, Inc. – Retired Chairman. Served as Chairman
from 2000 until retirement in December 2007. Chief Executive Officer
from 1989 to December 2005. The Kenwood Group was merged into Profit
Investment Management in 2006.
•         Director of Black & Decker Corporation.
•         Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation and Wisconsin
Electric Power Company since 1998 and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2000.

**Patricia W. Chadwick.** Age 59.

•         Ravengate Partners, LLC – President since 1999. Ravengate
Partners, LLC provides businesses and not-for-profit institutions with
advice about the financial markets.
•         Director of AMICA Mutual Insurance Company and ING Mutual
Funds.
•         Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation, Wisconsin Electric
Power Company and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2006.

**Robert A. Cornog.** Age 67.

•         Snap-on Incorporated – Retired Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer. Served as President and Chief
Executive Officer from 1991 until 2001. Retired as Chairman in 2002.
Snap-on Incorporated is a developer, manufacturer and distributor of
professional hand and power tools, diagnostic and shop equipment, and
tool storage products.
•         Director of Johnson Controls, Inc. and Oshkosh Truck
Corporation.
•         Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation since 1993, Wisconsin
Electric Power Company since 1994 and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2000.

**Curt S. Culver.** Age 55.

•         MGIC Investment Corporation – Chairman since 2005, Chief
Executive Officer since 2000 and President from 1999 to January 2006.
MGIC Investment Corporation is the parent of Mortgage Guaranty Insurance
Corporation.
•         Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corporation – Chairman since 2005,
Chief Executive Officer since 1999 and President from 1996 to January
2006. Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corporation is a private mortgage
insurance company.
•         Director of MGIC Investment Corporation.
•         Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation, Wisconsin Electric
Power Company and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2004.

**Thomas J. Fischer.**Age 60.

•        Fischer Financial Consulting LLC – Principal since 2002.
Fischer Financial Consulting LLC provides consulting on corporate
financial, accounting and governance matters.
•        Arthur Andersen LLP – Retired as Managing Partner of the
Milwaukee office in 2002. Served as Managing Partner from 1993 and as
Partner from 1980. Arthur Andersen LLP was an independent public
accounting firm.
•        Director of Actuant Corporation, Badger Meter, Inc. and
Regal-Beloit Corporation.
•        Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation, Wisconsin Electric
Power Company and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2005.

**Gale E. Klappa.** Age 57.

•        Wisconsin Energy Corporation – Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer since May 2004. President since April 2003.
•        Wisconsin Electric Power Company – Chairman of the Board since
May 2004. President and Chief Executive Officer since August 2003.
•        Wisconsin Gas LLC – Chairman of the Board since May 2004.
President and Chief Executive Officer since August 2003.
•        The Southern Company – Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer from March 2001 to April 2003. Chief
Strategic Officer from October 1999 to March 2001. The Southern Company
is a public utility holding company serving the southeastern United
States.
•        Director of Joy Global Inc.
•        Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation, Wisconsin Electric
Power Company and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2003.

**Ulice Payne, Jr.**Age 52.

•        Addison-Clifton, LLC – Managing Member since 2004.
Addison-Clifton, LLC provides advisory services on global trade
compliance.
•        Milwaukee Brewers Baseball Club, Inc. – President and Chief
Executive Officer from 2002 to 2003.
•        Foley & Lardner – Managing Partner of the law firm’s Milwaukee
office from May 2002 to September 2002. A partner from 1998 to 2002.
•        Director of Badger Meter, Inc. and Manpower Inc., and Trustee
of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company.
•        Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation, Wisconsin Electric
Power Company and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2003.

**Frederick P. Stratton, Jr.** Age 68.

•        Briggs & Stratton Corporation – Chairman Emeritus since 2003.
Chairman of the Board from 2001 to 2003. Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer until 2001. Briggs & Stratton Corporation is a manufacturer of
small gasoline engines.
•        Director of Baird Funds, Inc. and Weyco Group, Inc.
•        Director of Wisconsin Energy Corporation since 1987, Wisconsin
Electric Power Company since 1986 and Wisconsin Gas LLC since 2000.
