*Detlef H. Adler*. Mr. Adler is the Chief Executive Officer of the
Seidensticker Group, which is both a supplier of woven shirts to the
Company and a significant shareholder of the Company (owning
approximately 5% of the outstanding shares). Mr. Adler has been with
Seidensticker since 1994 and served as the Chief Financial Officer from
1994 to 1996, when he was named its Chief Executive Officer. From 1989
to 1994, he served as the Director of Finance for Goldwell AG, then a
subsidiary of Kao Corp. Japan, where he oversaw the finance-related
functions of all international subsidiaries.

*Stephen G. Carpenter*. Mr. Carpenter was a commercial banker for
36 years and has been retired since 1998. From 1994 to 1998, he served
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of California United Bank, where
he also served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1992 to
1994. Before 1992, Mr. Carpenter served as Vice Chairman of Security
Pacific Bank for three years. He also served as a director of the Los
Angeles Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. He currently
serves on the board of California United Bank.

*John M. Hanson, Jr*. Mr. Hanson is a certified public accountant. He
was a stockholder and officer of the accounting firm John M. Hanson &
Co. from 1968 until his retirement in 1998. He now practices as a tax
specialist for a limited number of clients.

*James B. Hayes*. In July 2001, Mr. Hayes retired as President and Chief
Executive Officer of Junior Achievement, Inc., a not-for-profit
organization providing economic education for young people in the U.S.
and throughout the world. Mr. Hayes served as Chairman of Junior
Achievement’s national board of directors from 1991 to 1993 and as a
board member from 1987 to 1995. Before 1995, Mr. Hayes had a 35-year
career in magazine publishing. He was Publisher of FORTUNE Magazine from
1986 to 1994. Mr. Hayes also served as Publisher of DISCOVER Magazine
from 1984 to 1986, and Advertising Sales Director of MONEY Magazine from
1982 to 1984. He held a number of executive positions with SPORTS
ILLUSTRATED from 1959 to 1982.

*Randall L. Herrel, Sr*. Mr. Herrel has served as the Company’s Chairman
since April 2001 and has been a Director, President and the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company since December 1996. From 1994 to 1996,
Mr. Herrel served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
Quiksilver, Inc., a young men’s and women’s apparel company. Mr. Herrel
joined Quiksilver in 1989 and also served at various times as Chief
Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer and Secretary.

*David M. Meyer*. Mr. Meyer is a Managing Member of Knightspoint
Partners LLC, an investment firm he co-founded in 2003. Since 2004,
Mr. Meyer has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of CPI Corp.,
a consumer services company that operates the Sears Portrait Studios,
and served, from 2004 to 2005, as a member of the interim Office of the
Chief Executive. From 1995 to 2002, Mr. Meyer served in various
capacities at Credit Suisse First Boston, including as a director in the
Mergers and Acquisitions and Global Industrial and Services Groups in
the firm’s London office. Mr. Meyer received a B.S. in
Engineering/Operations Research from Princeton University in 1990 and an
M.B.A. from Stanford University in 1995.

*James G. O’Connor*. In January 2005, Mr. O’Connor retired from his
position as Ford Motor Company Group Vice President for North America
Marketing, Sales and Service. Mr. O’Connor was responsible for
overseeing Ford, Lincoln-Mercury and Ford Customer Service divisions,
Dealer Development, Ford Performance Group, Global Marketing and export
markets around the world. From 1998 to 2002, he was Ford Motor Company
Vice President and President of Ford Division responsible for the
marketing, sales and distribution of all Ford brand cars and trucks in
the U.S.

*John W. Richardson*. Mr. Richardson is the Senior Vice President,
Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Qwest Communications
International (“Qwest”), a global provider of a variety of
telecommunications services. Mr. Richardson joined Qwest in April 2003.
From October 2002 to April 2003, Mr. Richardson was an independent
consultant. In October 2002, Mr. Richardson retired from Goodyear Tire &
Rubber Company (“Goodyear”), a worldwide manufacturer of tires,
engineered products and chemicals, where he served as the Vice President
of Finance of the North American Tire unit from 1999 to 2002.
Mr. Richardson held general management and financial positions in
Goodyear operations in Great Britain and Ohio from 1967 to 1999. He
holds a Certified Public Accountant license from the state of Ohio
(inactive) and received a B.B.A. degree from Ohio University in 1967.

*Peter M. Weil*. Mr. Weil is a Partner of Lighthouse Retail Group LLC, a
consulting firm specializing in improving operating and positioning
strategies for retailers. From 1996 to 2004, Mr. Weil served as Senior
Vice President/Director of Retail Forward (formerly, Price Waterhouse
Coopers – retail consulting group). His consulting clients have included
Hewlett Packard, Disney, Brooks Brothers, Nordstroms, Family Dollar and
Loblaws. Mr. Weil previously held Senior Vice President positions with
Macy’s, Marshalls and J Baker/Morse Shoe in merchandising and supply
chain management.
