<table>
<col width="14%" />
<col width="14%" />
<col width="14%" />
<col width="14%" />
<col width="14%" />
<col width="14%" />
<col width="14%" />
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th align="left"><strong>Name of Director<br /></strong>
<hr /></th>
<th align="left"> </th>
<th align="left"><strong>Age</strong>
<hr /></th>
<th align="left"> </th>
<th align="left"><strong>Principal Occupations During Past Five<br /> Years and Certain Directorships</strong>
<hr /></th>
<th align="left"> </th>
<th align="left"><strong>Year First<br /> Became<br /> Director</strong>
<hr /></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left"><br /> Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 52</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> Dr. Baldino, founder of the Company, has served as Chief Executive Officer and director since the Company's inception. He was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors in 1999. He currently serves as a director of Acusphere, Inc., a drug delivery company, NicOx S.A., a pharmaceutical company, and Pharmacopeia, Inc., a developer of proprietary technology platforms for pharmaceutical companies. He has resigned as a director of ViroPharma, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, effective in May 2006. Dr. Baldino also holds several adjunct academic appointments and is a trustee of Temple University.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 1987</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left"><br /> William P. Egan</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 61</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> Mr. Egan is a founder and general partner of Alta Communications, a venture capital firm. He founded Alta's predecessor firm, Burr, Egan, Deleage &amp; Co. in 1979 and has identified and backed several of America's leading growth companies in the communications and information industries.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 1988</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left"><br /> Martyn D. Greenacre</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 64</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> Since July 2004, Mr. Greenacre has served as Chairman of Beijing Med-Pharm Corporation, a pharmaceutical company. Mr. Greenacre also has served since 2002 as Chairman of Life Mist Technologies, Inc., a fire suppression equipment company. From 1997 to 2001, Mr. Greenacre served as Chief Executive Officer and director of Delsys Pharmaceutical Corporation, a formulation and drug delivery system company. From 1993 to 1997, Mr. Greenacre served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director of Zynaxis Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From 1989 to 1992, Mr. Greenacre was Chairman Europe, SmithKline Beecham Pharmaceutical company. He joined SmithKline &amp; French in 1973, where he held positions of increasing responsibility in its European organization. Mr. Greenacre currently serves as a director of Acusphere, Inc., a drug delivery company, Curis, Inc., a biotechnology company, and Immune Response Corp., a vaccine company.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 1992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left"><br /> Vaughn M. Kailian</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 61</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> Mr. Kailian is a General Partner of MPM Capital LP, a leading healthcare venture capital firm. He was Vice Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from February 2002 until December 2004. He served as CEO, President and Director of COR Therapeutics, Inc., a biotechnology company, from 1990 until its acquisition by Millennium in 2002. Prior to this, Mr. Kailian was employed by Marion Merrell Dow, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, and its predecessor companies, in various international and U.S. management, marketing and sales positions from 1967 to 1990, including President and General Manager, Merrell Dow USA and Corporate Vice President of Global Commercial Development, Marion Merrell Dow, Inc. Mr. Kailian currently is the Chairman of the Board of ViaCell, Inc., a biotechnology company, and a director of NicOx, S.A., a pharmaceutical company. He is also a director of BIO Ventures for Global Health, a non-profit organization.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 2005</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left"><br /> Charles A. Sanders, M.D.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 74</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> Dr. Sanders is retired from Glaxo, Inc., where he served as Chief Executive Officer from 1989 through 1994 and Chairman of the Board from 1992 through 1995. He also has served on the Board of Directors of Glaxo plc. Previously, Dr. Sanders held a number of positions at Squibb Corporation. Dr. Sanders currently serves as a director of BioPure Corporation, an oxygen therapeutics company, Fisher Scientific International, a provider of equipment, supplies, and services for the clinical laboratory and global scientific research markets, Genentech, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, Icagen, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, and Vertex Pharmaceuticals, a biotechnology company.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 2001</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
<td align="left"> </td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left"><br /> Gail R. Wilensky, Ph.D.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 62</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> Dr. Wilensky serves as a Senior Fellow at Project HOPE, an international health education foundation, which she joined in 1993. From 1997 to 2001, Dr. Wilensky chaired the Medicare Payment Advisory Committee, which advises Congress on all issues relating to Medicare. In November 2004, Dr. Wilensky was appointed as the Vice Chair of the Maryland Health Care Commission. Dr. Wilensky also is an elected member of the Institute of Medicine and its Governing Council, and serves as a trustee of the Combined Benefits Fund of the United Mineworkers of America and the National Opinion Research Center of the University of Chicago. Dr. Wilensky currently serves as a director of Gentiva Health Services, a specialty pharmaceutical and home health care company, ManorCare, a provider of health care services, Quest Diagnostics, Inc., a leading provider of diagnostic testing, information and services, SRA International, Inc., a provider of information technology services to the government, and UnitedHealth Group, a health care company.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 2002</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left"><br /> Dennis L. Winger</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 58</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> Mr. Winger is designated as the Audit Committee Financial Expert. Mr. Winger currently serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applera Corp., a life sciences company, where he is responsible for developing financial and business strategies. He is a member of Applera's Executive Committee. From 1989 to 1997, Mr. Winger served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration, and Chief Financial Officer of Chiron Corporation. From 1982 to 1989, Mr. Winger was with Cooper Companies, Inc., where he held positions of increasing responsibility, including that of Chief Financial Officer. Prior to this, Mr. Winger was with Continental Can Company holding a number of positions including Head of Finance for its international division and General Manager of its Latin American Operations. Mr. Winger currently serves as a director of A.P. Pharma, a specialty pharmaceutical company, and Cell Genesys, Inc., a pharmaceutical company.</td>
<td align="left"><br /> </td>
<td align="left"><br /> 2003</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
