**Michael Tarnow** was appointed chairman of our Board in February
2003. Since 1995, Mr. Tarnow has been an advisor to and member of the
boards of directors of several healthcare-related organizations in the
U.S., Canada and Europe. From 1995-2000, he was President and CEO of
Boston-based Creative BioMolecules, Inc. Prior to 1995, he spent
22 years at Merck & Co., Inc., where he served in a wide variety of
positions including heading corporate development, President and CEO of
Merck Frosst Canada and Executive Vice President of Merck-Medco.
Mr. Tarnow received his J.D. from the University of Illinois and his
bachelor’s degree from Wayne State University.

**Ronald Cape, Ph.D.** was the co-founder of Cetus Corporation, a
genetic engineering company, where he was Chairman of the Board of
Directors for 20 years until the company merged with Chiron Corporation
in 1991. He was also a founding member of the Industrial Biotechnology
Association (now the Biotechnology Industry Organization – BIO) and
served as its President for three years. Since 199l Dr. Cape has been an
investor in the field of biotechnology and a board member of many
companies. He was the founding Chairman of Darwin Molecular Corporation,
which was later sold to Chiroscience plc., and is Chairman and a
Director of Caprion, Inc., Ellipsis Biotherapeutics Corporation, and Neugenesis
Corporation. He is also a Director of Sunol Molecular Corporation.

**Donald S. Brooks** has been one of EntreMed’s directors since
April 1996 and was Vice President, Legal Affairs from 1998 until August
2001. Between 1993 and 1998, Mr. Brooks was a practicing attorney with
the law firm of Carella Byrne Bain Gilfillan Cecchi Stewart and Olstein,
Roseland, New Jersey, has represented the Company on certain matters.
Mr. Brooks continues to be of counsel to the firm. Prior thereto,
Mr. Brooks was employed by Merck and Co., Inc. for 27 years, most
recently, from 1986 to 1993, as Senior Counsel. From 1980 to 1985,
Mr. Brooks served as a U.S. employer delegate to the Chemical Industries
Committee, International Labor Organization in Geneva, Switzerland.

**Peter S. Knight** has been a Director of the Company since June
2000 and is a Managing Director of MetWest Financial, a Los Angeles
based financial services company. Mr. Knight was a principal in Sage
Venture Partners, a telecommunications investment firm and had been a
partner in the law firm of Wunder, Knight, Forscey & DeVierno from 1991
to 1999. In 1996, at the request of President Clinton, Mr. Knight took a
leave of absence from his firm to serve as the National Campaign Manager
for Clinton/ Gore ’96. Prior to his partnership with the firm,
Mr. Knight was the General Counsel and Secretary of the Medicis
Pharmaceutical Corporation. In addition to the EntreMed Board of
Directors, Mr. Knight serves on the Board of Directors of Whitman
Education Group, providers of postsecondary education, and Medicis
Pharmaceutical Corporation, a pharmaceutical company specializing in
dermatology. Mr. Knight also serves on the board of the Schroeder Family
of Mutual Funds. He serves on the Board of Directors for the former Vice
President’s Residence Foundation, and the Board of Directors of the
Center for National Policy. He holds a Juris Doctor degree from the
Georgetown University Law Center and a Bachelor of Arts degree from
Cornell University.

**Mark C. M. Randall** has been a director of the Company since
April 1996. He has been CEO of Commander Asset Management Ltd since May
2002. Prior to this appointment he was associated with Sarasin
International Securities Limited, London, England, a wholly owned
subsidiary of Bank Sarasin and Cie, a private bank based in Switzerland,
where he was a Director since 1994 and Managing Director since 1999.
Mr. Randall also serves as Chairman of Acorn Alternative Strategies
(Overseas) Ltd., an investment fund company.

**Jennie C. Hunter-Cevera** has been a director of the Company
since June 2001. Dr. Hunter-Cevera is the President of the University of
Maryland Biotechnology Institute. Prior to joining the University of
Maryland in October of 1999, Dr. Hunter-Cevera had been the head of the
Center for Environmental Biotechnology at Lawrence Berkeley National
Laboratory between November 1994 and September 1999. Dr. Hunter-Cevera
is Past-President of SIM and USFCC and is an active member of ASM and
ACS. She served as Senior Editor for JIM for 10 years and has served as
a reviewer for proposals in metabolic biochemistry and bioremediation
for NSF and DOE. She was a member of the Secretary of Agriculture
Glickman’s Genetic Resources Advisory Board, President Clinton’s Council
on Biotechnology for the State Department, USA representative to the
OECD on Biological Resource Centers and serves on the Advisory Board for
the Leadership Alliance for Biodiversity. She has given over 40 invited
lectures, seven keynote lectures, and is the author of several papers
and holder of two patents. Dr. Hunter-Cevera was elected to the American
Academy of Microbiology in 1995, the recipient of the 1996 SIM Charles
Porter Award, elected as a SIM Fellow in 1997 and the 1999 Nath Lecturer
at West Virginia University. She is member of the State Department’s
Council on Biotechnology.
