ITEM 1
ELECTION OF CLASS I DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors has nominated, and recommends the election of,
the two persons listed below to serve as Class I Directors of the
Company. The following information is furnished with respect to each
nominee for election as a Class I Director:

  ------------------------ --- ----- --- ------------------
  Name                         Age       Position(s) Held
  Steven D. Barnhart (1)       48        Director
  Jack E. Price (2)            64        Director
  ------------------------ --- ----- --- ------------------


(1) Member of Audit Committee
(2) Member of Compensation Committee

Each Class I Director holds office until the next Annual Meeting of
Shareholders following this Annual Meeting, and until his successor has
been elected and qualified.

Steven D. Barnhart was appointed to the Board of Directors in October
2009 to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Stephen McHugh on
October 19, 2009. Mr. Barnhart was Chief Executive Officer and President
of Orbitz Worldwide from 2007 to January 2009, after holding other
executive positions since 2003, when he joined the company. Prior to
Orbitz Worldwide, he worked for PepsiCo and the Pepsi Bottling Group
from 1990 to 2003, where he was Finance Director for the Southeast
Business Unit of the Pepsi Bottling Group, and also held other regional
and strategic positions for PepsiCo and Frito-Lay. Mr. Barnhart received
a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics in 1984 from the University of
Chicago and a Masters in Business Administration in 1988 from the
University of Chicago.

Jack E. Price was appointed to the Board of Directors in October 2009 to
fill the vacancy resulting from the increase in the Board of Directors
from seven members to eight members. Mr. Price was President and Chief
Executive Officer of NovaRay Medical Inc. from 2007 to March 2009. Prior
to that, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of VSM MedTech
Ltd. from 2003 to 2006, and was President and Division Chief Executive
Officer of Philips Medical Systems, North America from 1996 to 2003,
having joined Philips Medical Systems in 1993 as Vice President and
General Manager. He was also with General Electric Medical Systems from
1988 to1993, where he held Vice President and General Manager positions.
Mr. Price received his undergraduate degree from the University of
Oregon. Mr. Price is also a Director of Health Systems Solutions, Inc.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR” THE
ELECTION OF ALL CLASS I NOMINEES.

ITEM 2
ELECTION OF CLASS II DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors has nominated, and recommends the election of,
the three persons listed below to serve as Class II Directors of the
Company. The following information is furnished with respect to each
nominee for election as a Class II Director:

  --------------------------------- --- ----- --- ------------------
  Name                                  Age       Position(s) Held
  William L. Van Alen, Jr. (1)(2)       74        Director
  Steven Katz (1)                       61        Director
  Joel Brooks (2)                       50        Director
  --------------------------------- --- ----- --- ------------------


(1)       Member of Compensation Committee
(2)       Member of Audit Committee

Each Class II Director holds office until the second Annual Meeting of
Shareholders following this Annual Meeting, and until his successor has
been elected and qualified.

William L. Van Alen, Jr., joined the Board of Directors of the Company
in May 1993. Mr. Van Alen is President of Cornerstone Entertainment,
Inc., an organization engaged in the production of feature films of
which he was a founder in 1985. Since 1996 and until March 2006, Mr. Van
Alen had been President and a Director of The Noah Fund, a publicly
traded mutual fund. Prior to 1985, Mr. Van Alen practiced law in
Pennsylvania for twenty-two years. Mr. Van Alen received his
undergraduate degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania
and his law degree from Villanova Law School.

Steven Katz joined the Board of Directors in May 1999. He is President
of Steven Katz & Associates, Inc., a management consulting firm
specializing in strategic planning and corporate development for
technology and service-based companies in the health care,
environmental, telecommunications and Internet markets. Mr. Katz’s prior
experience includes five years with PriceWaterhouse & Co. in audit, tax
and management advisory services; two years of corporate planning with
Revlon, Inc.; five years with National Patent Development Corporation
(NPDC) in strategic planning, merger and acquisition, technology
in-licensing and out-licensing, and corporate turnaround experience as
President of three NPDC subsidiaries; and two years as a Vice President
and General Manager of a non-banking division of Citicorp, N.A. Mr. Katz
is also a Director of Health Systems Solutions Inc.  From November 2006
until September 2008, Mr. Katz was President and Chairman of the Board
of GammaCan International, Inc.

Joel Brooks joined the Board of Directors of the Company during March
2007.  Since December 2000, Mr. Brooks has served as the Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer of Senesco Technologies, Inc., a biotechnology
company whose shares are traded on the American Stock Exchange. From
September 1998 until November 2000, Mr. Brooks was the Chief Financial
Officer of Blades Board and Skate, LLC, a retail establishment
specializing in the action sports industry. Mr. Brooks was Chief
Financial Officer from 1997 until 1998 and Controller from 1994 until
1997 of Cable and Company Worldwide, Inc. He also held the position of
Controller at USA Detergents, Inc. from 1992 until 1994, and held
various positions at several public accounting firms from 1983 through
1992. Mr. Brooks received his Bachelor of Science degree in Commerce
with a major in Accounting from Rider University in February 1983.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR” THE
ELECTION OF ALL CLASS II NOMINEES.

ITEM 3
ELECTION OF CLASS III DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors has nominated, and recommends the election of,
the three persons listed below to serve as Class III Directors of the
Company. The following information is furnished with respect to each
nominee for election as a Class III Director:


  ----------------------- --- ----- --- -------------------------------------------------------------
  Name                        Age       Position(s) Held
  George R. Jensen, Jr.       61        Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors
  Stephen P. Herbert          46        Chief Operating Officer and President, Director
  Douglas M. Lurio            52        Director
  ----------------------- --- ----- --- -------------------------------------------------------------


Each Class III Director holds office until the third Annual Meeting of
Shareholders following this Annual Meeting, and until his successor has
been elected and qualified.

George R. Jensen, Jr., has been our Chief Executive Officer and a
Director since our inception in January 1992. Mr. Jensen was Chairman,
Director, and Chief Executive Officer of American Film Technologies,
Inc. ("AFT") from 1985 until 1992. AFT was in the business of creating
color imaged versions of black-and-white films. From 1979 to 1985, Mr.
Jensen was Chief Executive Officer and President of International Film
Productions, Inc. Mr. Jensen was the Executive Producer of the twelve
hour miniseries, "A.D.", a \$35 million dollar production filmed in
Tunisia. Procter and Gamble, Inc., the primary source of funds,
co-produced and sponsored the epic, which aired in March 1985 for five
consecutive nights on the NBC network. Mr. Jensen was also the Executive
Producer for the 1983 special for public television, "A Tribute to
Princess Grace". From 1971 to 1978, Mr. Jensen was a securities broker,
primarily for the firm of Smith Barney, Harris Upham. Mr. Jensen was
chosen as the 1989 Entrepreneur of the Year in the high technology
category for the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area by Ernst & Young LLP
and Inc. Magazine. Mr. Jensen received his Bachelor of Science Degree
from the University of Tennessee and is a graduate of the Advanced
Management Program at the Wharton School of the University of
Pennsylvania.

Stephen P. Herbert was elected a Director in April 1996, and joined the
Company on a full-time basis on May 6, 1996 as Executive Vice President.
During August 1999, Mr. Herbert was appointed President and Chief
Operating Officer of the Company. Prior to joining us and since 1986,
Mr. Herbert had been employed by Pepsi-Cola, the beverage division of
PepsiCo, Inc. From 1994 to April 1996, Mr. Herbert was a Manager of
Market Strategy. In such position he was responsible for directing
development of market strategy for the vending channel and subsequently
the supermarket channel for Pepsi-Cola in North America. Prior thereto,
Mr. Herbert held various sales and management positions with Pepsi-Cola.
Mr. Herbert graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree from Louisiana
State University.

Douglas M. Lurio joined the Board of Directors of the Company in June
1999. Mr. Lurio is President of Lurio & Associates, P.C.,
attorneys-at-law, which he founded in 1991. He specializes in the
practice of corporate and securities law. Prior thereto, he was a
partner with Dilworth, Paxson LLP. Mr. Lurio received a Bachelor of Arts
Degree in Government from Franklin & Marshall College, a Juris Doctor
Degree from Villanova Law School, and a Masters in Law (Taxation) from
Temple Law School.
